[{"index": {"_index": "abeshinzo", "_type": "leaders", "_id": "abeshinzo"}}, {"content": " Yesterday the was held and chaired . I summarized the situation in a 1 minute movie . Please have a look . As the situation in moves greatly we will welcome Prime Minister and President of to and hold the . In order to serve as chairman I am in the meeting just before . I want to exchange opinions frankly . When I arrived in I received hospitality that the army F 16 escorted to the immediate side of the government special aircraft . We exchanged opinions thoroughly about His Majesty the general situation in the and agreed to continue to strengthen the power for peace and stability in this region . has played a core role in stabilizing the region for many years including acceptance of refugees . For it is a great partner in the . The is the first visit in five years . Over the past friendly relationship the offshore oil field interests of our country has been updated for 40 years now . I would like to further deepen economic relations between the two countries in all fields not only energy . Yesterday I invited everyone of the and players to the official residence . I sent a letter of appreciation to everyone who gave me a lot of excitement and courage in . The Games and Games are finally two years away . I would like to make a wonderful competition where many impressions are born around the world . We held the annual cherry blossom viewing party under the cloudless blue sky . cherry blossoming and I would like to welcome positive movements with regard to this North outgoing call . The only thing that is important is to keep a close eye on whether this movement will lead to the complete verifiable irreversible disposal of nuclear weapons weapons of mass destruction and missiles . Question Although announced the end of the launch experiment of nuclear test and intercontinental ballistic missile please tell us about the receipt and future response . Thank you for warm message . In honor of great leadership I would like to continue working together for the peace and prosperity of the region . thank you so much for your heartwarming compliments . TIME 100 and I truly appreciate the warmest hospitality given by and Many many I have also to pay my deepest respect to your outstanding leadership and am very much looking forward to work for peace and prosperity of our region When I arrived in I immediately came to the summit with President . Today I spent most of my problem on and I was able to match recognition in a very important point . I will do my best to be the best for President promised to pick up the abduction issue at the coming summit meeting . It is a video of a defense college graduation ceremony held on March 18th . You can also see the brilliant appearance of the graduate of the day . I pray that I pray for eternity in front of the and I vowed to accelerate the reconstruction while keeping close to the situation where one of the victims was placed . In the afflicted area the reconstruction steadily progresses step by step . Evacuation instructions were canceled sequentially in the afflicted areas of that suffered major damage due to the nuclear accident and the development of specific restoration and rehabilitation bases began to move even in areas . However some people who are still evacuated by more than 7 million people still living in disabled lives . Seven years have passed since the occurrence of the that led to the loss of many irreplaceable lives which brought unprecedented damage mainly to the region . I will sacrifice my condolences from my heart to my beloved family members relatives people who lost their friends . The will finally start . All the players I support you . Do your best Dear Tomorrow this time as well same . Dear people is always with you . The normal began today . After this in the of and the of as the Prime Minister we will face the policy speech . Final check in progress . I visited with Prime Minister . I warmly welcome visit to Visit the Defense Force garrison together with Prime Minister of . I am pleased to see again after 2 months since . welcomes you from the bottom of my heart On the balcony of the hotel in . has come . On a completely frozen lake . for after lunch at the lakeside . I visited the in . I am very proud of courageous humanitarian behavior as the same . I first visited States as the prime minister of which is celebrating the 100th anniversary of the foundation . Cooperation with the problem strengthening the connection in terms of business . While expanding the frontiers of diplomacy we will continue to develop diplomacy that will give an overview of the globe this year . New businesses have been steadily created . My visit to this country marks the very first as a Prime Minister and taking this opportunity I hope to deepen our economic ties . I came back from yesterday . I visited a grave at this morning . I put hands in front of my father grave and reported that the ruling party won the victory in last year s general election . And I promised to carry out what I promised in the election with a feeling of tension without taking advantage of this victory one by one . I came to the press conference of the year at . I pray that this year will be a wonderful year for you . I sincerely pray that will be a wonderful year for everyone . happy New Year . Year Day was a nice weather and Mt . looked beautiful . I put my hands together without thinking in that godly appearance and wished for the peace and prosperity of in the beginning of the year . I pray for the health of and and of and I will visit the to attend the ceremony of celebration . Five years from that a little gray hair came out . I think that it was a refreshing morning like the same morning as this morning as well this morning five years ago . Still more and chest sudden winter morning From now on I will continue to tackle my body . They will create a new . The country will also provide full support . I love this town The students of talked . Seniors who dedicatedly worked for the victims at the high school where they evacuated immediately after the disaster while also suffering themselves . We inherit that experience and continue to monitor the change of the town which is still participating in town planning and reconstruction . I hope the children continue to work hard toward their respective dreams with the experience and confidence this time in mind . I support you . All the players of League who won the summer visited the official residence . He showed the height of junior baseball level to the world brilliantly . Inspired by the serious look of children I also grabbed the bat for decades . We hope that the public understanding of people with disabilities and people with disabilities will be further promoted and I wish for the continued success of the winners of the health spirit . In the week of the disabled under the presence of His crown and posters warmly written with a brushwork full of daily affection with family with disabilities directed toward improving the welfare of persons with disabilities for many years We commended the achievements of people who have been sincerely striving for efforts . Even with the government based on the opinion of this Imperial we will institute a cabinet order promptly to decide the enforcement date as well as the abdication of the and the throne of the in the blessing of the citizens I will do my best to be able to be seen . His retirement of the was the first time in about 200 years the first thing in the history of constitutional affairs . I remember a deep emotion that today opinion of the Meeting was decided without delay and made a big step forward towards the succession of the throne . Today the was held and the opinion of the to the effect that the Law Exception Act was enacted on 30 2011 was decided . This year I also got the persimmons of . In a place where you are healed by the sweetness over the year . Where the persimmon is eaten the heart is rich and the city of Today we also received peanuts from . Blessed . A young person comes in steadily with a dream . I will create such agriculture with the producers . I attended the ceremony of the held in the . In the clear air of the rain I devoted my gratitude to the richness of the grain and prayed for and the nation . We have finished the over the week . I left and I will return to from now . Provided by the Office During the Earthquake we received heartwarming support from both citizens . As a longtime friend is thinking to do as much as possible without any assistance in this difficult situation . I would like to express my deepest condolences to the families of the deceased people in the earthquake that occurred near the border between and and I would like to express my sincere condolences to all those affected . Sharing universal value The unity of the and the three countries is the cornerstone of peace and prosperity in the region from the to the . With President and Prime Minister we were able to discuss the real intention of various subjects in a relaxed atmosphere . received heartwarming hospitality from all of people . Thank you from the bottom of my heart . I just arrived in . I will participate in the . Provided by the Office will depart to the . Response to the problem final adjustment for 11 general agreement . We will also hold a summit meeting with and . It is a determination to demonstrate leadership firmly as in the international stage gathered by the world leaders . President first historic visit succeeded in the bonds of the Alliance to the world real The first historic visit by President has undoubtedly been able to show the world the unwavering bond of the alliance . Thank you very much . And I pray for a great success in visiting . We will work closely with . I thank you from the bottom of my heart for having a warm word . My mission will not be over until that day when all families of victims hug their relatives with their own hands . I made a decision to resolve the abduction issue . President and met with his family of . When began speaking the President listened to himself himself listening to the painful appeal of everyone torn with his beloved family with a serious look . I wish to express heartfelt solidarity with the people of the incident . I offer my deepest condolences for those who lost their lives in the incident that occurred in the state of . I pray for the souls of the deceased people in the incident occurred in . I wish to express my condolences to the injured people . In this difficult time I express my sincere solidarity . with wonderful friends . I also am going through the conversation . A round of golf with a marvelous friend President full of spirited conversation . We welcome President visit to From now it a hamburger and a business lunch . From now on I will have a trump president Today the 4 th cabinet is inaugurated . We will seriously face the opinions of the people we will manage the administration with a new feeling . During the election period the candidates ask to ask our economic policy security and determination to support future and everyone who supports the region everyone I appealed to you . We will protect this country . The will continue to move forward with all of you . Thank you very much for your encouraging support for 12 days . The number of foreign tourists tripled in the past five years . The will endeavor to strengthen domestic tourism resources such as traditional cultural properties of by addressing tourism resource measures in the high dimension and further realize revitalization of the tourism industry . Tomorrow 21 Sat will go to Prefecture Prefecture Metropolitan Government . check the details on the special site of the . We have expanded systems such as benefit type scholarship and tuition fee exemption that we do not have to return we will try to free up higher education to children who need truly support . The will definitely create a society that everyone will not have to give up learning and will learn with peace of mind . Tomorrow 20 president goes to Prefecture and . check the details on the special site of the . Tomorrow 19 president goes to and prefectures . check the details on the special site of the . Farmers who started farming newly in their or younger for the past three years have exceeded 20,000 for the third consecutive year . The will open up a new era of agricultural policy that will support young people and aggressive agriculture forestry and fishermen with full power and support challenges and have dreams and hopes . We want the to strongly support small and medium enterprises supporting the economy . From that thought there have already been nearly 30,000 applications including a system that reduces the property tax of small and businesses by half for 3 years . The realization of this system reduced the bankruptcy of small and medium enterprises by 30 . We will boldly advance support to further increase productivity . Tomorrow 18 Wed president will visit Prefecture and Government . check the details on the special site of the . This election is an election to decide how to protect the people lives and happy lives from the threat of . The will stand firmly against the problem with the diplomatic force cultivated up to now cooperation with the international community and unimpressive attitude . Tomorrow 16 will go to prefecture . check the details on the special site of the . The policies promoted by us including three arrows have increased by 50 trillion yen after the change of power and the recovery of the economy has been steadily recovering with the ratio of active job offering being over 1 times in all prefectures . I will continue to grow the economy of and strive to encourage each and every one of us to realize this growth . Tomorrow 15 Sun president goes to . check the details on the special site of the . Headquarters One and a half years since the earthquake we will achieve reconstruction with full effort so that many of the victims who are suffering from the victims and are still forced to live a lot of lives will be able to return to their original life quickly and securely . of election to Defend This Country Tomorrow 14 Sat president goes to Prefecture Prefecture . check the details on the special site of the . Street Speech In order to stop the violence of which threatens the security of and the world we must apply maximum pressure to the international community as a whole . And more than anything never let the problem be buried . Our fight will not be over until all the victims including will step into the land of . tomorrow 13 president goes to prefecture prefecture prefecture . check the details on the special site of the . Street Address This is the big theme that is questioned about this election will open up the future of children is entering a turning point due to the declining birthrate . Our will support the potential of all children with a solid generation of social security systems of all generations . Thank you so much for having a lot of people gather Hanging Candidates of our party will make a breakthrough in the country and we will appeal the policy to everyone to the last so that we can meet your expectations . We appreciate your kind support . of election to protect this country tomorrow 12 will go to Prefecture . check the details on the special site of the . Street Address Tomorrow 11 Wed president goes to prefecture prefecture . check the details on the special site of the . street speech The general election of the of Representatives the election campaign will start from today . Who will commit safety to whom is this election held will commit future It is an election to decide it . We the will appeal to policies throughout the country and resolve to fight . of election to protect this country tomorrow 10 president speech date was decided as follows . Please participate by all means . President Prefecture Prefecture prefecture 13 40 15 45 station east exit real estate ago program announcement From 21 o'clock on 8 it was decided that President of will appear in live program . have a look at everyone ... ... It is a secretary . It is program announcement . Today at 19 30 Live broadcast will be held . We are waiting for your participation and warm supportive comments . broadcast earth pm Since taking office as prime minister in 2012 we have held 191 summit talks over 42 countries around the world . Now that faces a national difficulty we will continue to strongly protect this country with a trusted relationship with the countries around the world and diplomatic power . Indiscriminate shooting cases like this case will not be allowed for any reason . I firmly condemn it . represents a solidarity solidarity with the and the citizens trying to overcome this difficult time . This time the worst shooting incident in the history of the that occurred in Las I received a big shock at the sacrifice of a large number of innocent citizens and I feel strong indignation . I express my heartfelt condolences to the victims and to all of my family . And I pray for the early recovery of the injured people as soon as possible . There is no gap in crisis management in our country . Again I was convinced . We will protect the lives of people and peaceful lives from the threat of . Just for the citizen they are proud of who are tolerant of the constant tension feeling under a harsh working environment silently taking charge of their duties . Once you leave the port over a rough wave for over a month . I would like to express my sincere gratitude to everyone who sent me out . In the of as a ballistic missile warning of I visited the warship just returned to of my mother port today and encouraged the personnel . Everyone was trustworthy I was very encouraged as the highest commander . Finally the election campaign starts . I will defend this country . We will appeal singularly and concrete policies nationwide . and I are deeply touched by your amazing hospitality I arrived in . was welcomed at the airport . I will eliminate my mind . In premium we organized a . Although it is a busy day I spent a quiet time for the first time in a while and I felt calm and calm . After this I think I will go to the museum in . Prime suddenly accused me just before the election in election . It is nothing but a selling act that aims to defeat me I will seek Prime Minister . It is unfortunate that the former prime minister sued the incumbent prime minister and fought at the trial . I was forced to allocate a part of the time as prime for the trial . Members of never received protests . By the dismissal of the appeal of the Court the final decision has just been made to victory of the truth . Our decision was finalized by this decision . Last high court ruling acknowledged that the main part of my magazine article that conveyed wrong judgment and lie in relation to the injection of Prime Minister nuclear power plant was true . Prime Minister had appealed this ruling to the . Prime Minister appealed the ruling against the libelous litigation against my magazine article entitled filed by Prime Minister but the Court He dismissed the appeal . Thank you President for your warm hospitality . I sincerely pray that this year will be a nice year for all of you and for . I will do my best all year this year . We will welcome President at the hometown city and we will hold a . to as President of is the first time in 11 years . Since the arrival of the president seems to be delayed I visited the grave by using the time and reported to my father who burned obsession for the concluding peace treaty later in life . Stable politics is now required . To do that your power is absolutely necessary . Stable politics is now required . To do that your power is absolutely necessary . Yesterday meeting with was wonderful . It was extremely meaningful to confirm that and the are the same idea for all the main themes of the . I am deeply thankful for dedication and commitment of our peers . Heavy protective clothes more than 5 kilometers in the scorching sun . Many thanks to and the people of for their warm hospitality . Was indispensable . The task of removing contaminated water at Plant was at the forefront of unexplored abolition furnace work . Continue to everyone I would like you to keep up to the next work with safety first . The female general meeting of after the earthquake was focused on disseminating the charm of and overcoming rumors . It is also worth it tourism in is slowly recovering . Heads of countries visiting the official residence are serving alcohol and natural carbonated water . Yesterday under the warm sun of the spring I spent a pleasant moment with many people while loving both cherry blossoming persistently and double cherry blossoms coming full bloom from now on . I will make it to such a country where flowers are blooming all over I have decided that determination . The resolution of the abduction issue is the most important issue of the administration . Our mission will not be over until the victims and our families cherish each other . In order to regain the victims as soon as possible to their families we will work with the international community with full power in cooperation with the international community . theatrical group blooming in bloom blooming in the middle of Blooming in blooming in the middle of the world blooming in the middle of the world College life theater in en cram school en cram school singing requiem composed for the lost souls of the 2011 earthquake at residence . Everyone sang at the cherry blossom side of the official residence . It is a song made to encourage hit by the . I like you to run the national road No . 6 on at the . A wish of a high school third grader in Prefecture . The satellite schools in where they attend will be closed after their graduation . Still I value the high school life of the remaining year and I would like to serve even a little for the reconstruction of Prefecture . cooperation needed in various areas and levels to prevent terrorists trying to use nuclear weapon This is the last time for the nuclear security summit . Prevent nuclear being used for terrorism . This can not be achieved by a single country alone . He told us that we must deal internationally and jointly at all levels . In order to stop provocative actions such as nuclear tests and ballistic missile launches strengthening security and defense cooperation between the and is an urgent issue . In a meeting with President of the and President of we confirmed the policy to unite and respond . and recommitted steady united front against provocations and threats from . Good discussions w. Leading experts in economics in . role in world economy that is uncertain is tremendously important . We exchanged opinions on the current world economy with former chairman former Secretary former secretary economic experts such as president . The biggest theme of the is the world economy . Everyone makes a heterogeneous sound As the global economic uncertainty increases role is great . I am keenly aware of great expectations for . dog attaches a suit with a camera and a sensor attached . dog in his life saving suit developed for the Challenge . Life rescue at a disaster site is a fight against time . Developed by Challenge the suit pursuing mobility the rescue dog demonstrates its and exercise ability . Today is the graduation ceremony of the . It is the day of the departure of young people who face conflicting scene from now on . The Force that protects the lives of the citizens and protects peaceful lives even when it is difficult . They proceeded with their own will to the way to take a difficult task they are pride . Today I attended the at the gave thanks for many gifts of of our culture and traditions . I entered the palace and attended the spring Spring and the . We prayed deeply thankfully for the benefit of nature today being alive in rich cultures and traditions and praying for of and Five Years of . At the Security missile launch a clear breach of resolution is unacceptable threat to security . This morning we urgently called for the and confirmed the government response . ballistic missile launch is a clear violation of the resolution and it is a serious provocation against security . We will make every effort to ensure the safety of citizens against any circumstances . With the students of visiting disaster areas in . If you go to please taste the local food I am getting it every day thanks to you I am fine . Five years have passed since the . I will give my condolences from the heart to my beloved family members relatives and those who lost their friends . I pray that the forever is cheap and pray for a new determination to accomplish the reconstruction that leads to the creation of the region . We had delicious milk at . Five farmers decided to resume dairy farming together decided to resume dairy farming and a new barn stool was made It felt that I was going to do . Utilizing the connection with the area Many dairy farms are good Please let me fulfill my dreams to tell people . Snow flowers were blooming in the corner of the garden this year when I got out for a while after going out to the garden of the official residence . The first encounter took place nine years ago at this year official residence and this flower will be the fifth spring . I made a new determination . One piece of invitation to the smell of flowers . I want to deliver it to everyone . The Ms contest started in 1950 . The winner in 1968 met my grandfather PM before traveling the world before the . contest is the historic convention held in 1950 the first time . I heard that the winner of 1968 met my grandfather before going around the world as the goodwill ambassador of World Expo . I would like to support women active in the world . The ultimate teamwork that one person influence will affect everyone . Prime Director and the players who took full victory at told us the impression of the victory . The players were polite bright free and vigorous and the conversation was quite exciting . Astronaut who caught while flying over space with 8 kilometers per second . As a center of Team he showed the height of space technology to the world . We received photographs of . taken from outer space and decorated them in the office immediately . From the commemorating the 120th anniversary Spring news arrived . Varieties are the topic as I thought . I think that it is happiness that is unique to that you can have flowers every season from all over the world . A gift from . Photo of the Prime Minister . Office cover photo . It is one shot when I participated in the cooking competition with everyone living in disaster public housing in territory in prefecture this . oysters are large and rich in flavor . It was the first nationwide machine developed jointly with and the efficiency of the shell peeling work has greatly increased . From now on I would like you to spread the wonder of oysters across and abroad . morning market in prefecture who recovered from the earthquake disaster was a very big population . The taste of fresh sea urchins and sea urchin which was picked locally was the best . fish market in . urchin is superb Scent of spring . Peach blossoms and . dolls appeared at the entrance of the official residence . From city prefecture came to deliver peach flowers . With the fragrance of peaches I feel the arrival of spring . Association of General Association all of whom are qualified as a brewery . We delivered net sake born of all about alcohol making such as rice plants rice harvesting sake taste bottle design etc . to the official residence . can become more energetic . I was convinced . will eliminate tariff on sake in 12 countries famous sake was lined up in the official residence . Everything is awarded at the . Sake tariffs are eliminated in 12 countries expands the opportunities of export further . Please take a big flight from to the world from to the world . As you bring your face closer a faint fragrance drifts . It is a splendid plum bonsai for 20 years . When the annual Envoy of plum comes I think that spring has approached . For despite having repeatedly asked for restraint it is absolutely unacceptable to force missile launches . The is held immediately . Taking all the power of the government we will make every effort to ensure the safety of the people . revolutionary public offering Open entry 2016 . I got a net CM where I will be appearing . Not only party members anyone can participate in the candidate selection by net voting . now and left for the . They will pray for the victims of war and work to deepen mutual understanding . Today I will depart for the and visit to the country today . It was . I hope this visit will be a memorial service to those who passed away by the war to pray for peace and to have a meaningful relationship with friendship goodwill relationship between our country and the country . When I heard that the birthday party of son was held not far from the place of dinner I jumped in and celebrated Birthday Jack On and potters . New Heaven To the exhibition of gate Exhibition . and boasting a tradition of more than 400 years as tea tools . Fifteen of challenged the recipe of using as a recipe for production of . Sparkling smile Ship for World Youth Program Next Generation participants are from 11 countries . Today the bus fall accident happened in bypass was a catastrophe involving young people looking forward to skiing . My heart is broken . I pray for the souls of those who passed away and I express my sincere condolences to those who have been injured . As government we will do our utmost to investigate causes and prevent recurrence . persimmon that I received today got a nostalgic feeling just by having a bite . It contains plenty of and it seems that the full working fatigue is about to blow off from the beginning of the year . I would like to encourage many people to taste . I am always moved by solemnity of . will aim high still in domestic amp foreign policy . My heart and mind were tightened to the dignified air of . This year will be held . For I would like to challenge internal affairs diplomacy as a year . Year from . Wishing everyone around the world a peaceful and prosperous 2016 . Congratulations . This year we confront the structural challenge of low birthrate and aging population directly from the front . It is a new challenge of one hundred million total active society . We ask for your continued understanding and support from the people and pray from the bottom of my heart that this year will be a fruitful and wonderful year . The logo mark of the decided today is the the cherry blossom petals and the blue sea . Many young people seriously considered goodness to tell the world when applying . I hope to create a summit next year and make it successful . I was wondering if the persimmon in the garden was sweet or bitter . On plate did look so ripe and tasty But I was bitterly disappointed . Does the persimmon in the garden at the Prime Minister official residence are sweet or astringent The figure on the dish looked delicious with . I was ecstatic about eating it it was astringent persimmon I excited to announce a which will be the centerpiece of . which will be the venue for the 2020 and Games I decided on the appearance of the place today . It is designed to incorporate the world best style and I am looking forward to it to be a stage that inspires the people of the world . I went to press photography exhibition . Today I took a photo of the reporters with a camera as it was always taken . In retrospect this year there were disasters but I think that both domestic affairs and diplomacy were fruitful one year . and quiet moment w expresses core teaching of tea ceremony The importance of cherishing every moment It is very busy during the afternoon with Prime Minister of . The hanging axis that selected for today is sometimes wiping away . Learn every day without hesitation . The attached camellia and wax plum blossoms can only keep their appearance today . The spirit of tea ceremony of . When I took a walk in my garden this morning I saw that the persimmons were ripening . I wonder whether they will be be or bitter . When I woke up in the morning and went out to the garden the autumn leaves of the official residence quickly ended and the persimmons of the garden also matured . Is it sweet or winner . His discovery of pharmaceuticals in microorganisms saved so many lives . asked Professor for his research results of in or Medicine that inspired the world . Microorganisms have advanced functions that make substances effective for various diseases from infectious diseases to cancer . I realized that my research has saved the lives and lives of many people . In female prison I realized the difficulty of the site facing tasks such as eating disorders and drug dependence . In cooperation with medical health and welfare organizations we will steadily advance our efforts including after the release to prevent repeat offenses . of the year tranquil was selected by popular vote . I will work hard so that everyone can live peacefully This is the character An that was announced the other day . I will keep pushing for everybody to live heart in anxiety and will continue to embrace the national affairs today . The ritual in the sacred place on the bank of the was beautiful and fantastic with the candle light being shaky wrapped in the scent of flowers . The thought of people wishing for peace has been transmitted . It was a trip where the ties between and have deepened . Meeting became dawn of historic summit with . We both believe this is beginning of peace amp prosperity for region amp world . New Age of began . A meeting with Prime Minister was a historic summit meeting that will be the beginning of that meeting . and are historic friendly countries that share universal values . We will develop a bilateral relationship that has unlimited possibilities . PM from a country I greatly respect We received an honorary doctorate from who was named after the first prime minister . In 1957 my first grandfather who visited as Prime Minister of remembered the story that Prime Minister introduced as a country I respect I am the prime minister who came from nostalgic . Looking forward to tomorrow s summit meeting with Together let open a new age for the relationship . We received emergency recommendations on science and technology policy from the laureate scientists . Promote innovation by investing in the future towards 600 trillion yen in . We support young researchers . I would like to take a firm result . Queen of the was welcomed at the official residence . It was gorgeous like a new early New Year . We must preserve traditional fabrics in the production area as well as promoting woven fabrics . This is the word of the textile wholesaler . I would like to support everyone efforts to support traditional kimono culture . Housing living and reconstruction are progressing steadily . Planting cherry blossoms we tell the lessons of the disaster and convey it . participated in such activities . Oddly today the World Tsunami Day actively proposed by has been officially decided in the . select candidates for the party in the upper house election in your hand Voter preregistration of entry 2016 has begun . of net voters is under acceptance . Thank you my friend for birthday wishes . I also cherish our interactions . I look forward to seeing you soon . I applaud s initiative . Your insights are much appreciated . I deeply appreciate people s solidarity for . Let s continue to work together for the cause of world peace . PM thank you from my heart for your thoughtful message . In order to make it a place to give dreams and emotions to citizens athletes and the people of the world the new reduces costs as much as possible and is the best in reality I am determined to advance the plan . Return the current plan of the Stadium the venue for the and Games to a blank sheet and recreate a new plan on a zero basis . So I decided . It is necessary to strengthen response to climate change throughout the international community . Today I decided on ambitious goals of that is comparable to international standards to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 20 in . I will promptly submit this goal to the . The place of discussion at the will move to the upper house but I would like to promote deep discussion unique to the good sense of the prefecture . We will further strengthen our polite explanation so that people understanding will deepen . and The peace and security legislation was passed in today of Plenary . As the security environment surrounding becomes more severe it is an absolutely necessary bill to protect the lives of citizens and to prevent war in advance . The theme of the final round of the and Issue 5th night was Worried after all conscription system . I explained the fact that there is absolutely no conscription system prohibited under the Constitution that the conscription system and the right of collective have nothing to do with it at all . The 5th night the final round of the ended earlier . In this special service series we talked about essential theory as well as showing concrete examples of peace and security legislation . I think that was good . The fifth night of the and program will be broadcast from this evening at 21 o'clock . The theme is worried after all conscription system . The interviewer is Ms. of . Please take a look . Today as the 4 th night I answered questions from on the theme Is the and violate the Constitution tonight special number is from 20 o'clock . The theme is Is the and violate the constitution The hearer is try accessing by all means . interviewer is of . I emphasized that to protect citizens by strengthening deterrence . The next time will be from 20 o'clock on 11 . The theme is Is peace and security legislation violation of constitution Appearance of tonight finished . I finally got used to it at the third time . from On the third night forces personnel are in danger Last night and Feature 2nd night theme is What is collective right War on compliance The interviewer was of . is the third night it is broadcast from . I ended . Listeners The question of the member of the of was very accurate . Thank you from tonight 21 30 Last night I appeared at from 21 o'clock . listen to the of Councilors clearly explained the peace and security legal system with a theme of Why is it necessary will also do the second time from . Tonight 6 From 21 o'clock to 5 nights we will appear on the program and we will answer peace and security legislation in an manner . On the first night why is it necessary Why are you hurrying Please look at everyone tonight 21 o'clock to 5 night on the citizen program and answer easy to understand peace and security legislation . On the first night Why are you needing Why are you hurrying Everyone please take a look at World Cup representative won the second place . Two consecutive tournaments into the finals the team looking to the final all the way to the end gave the people courage . I would like to send my heartfelt congratulations to the team I won at the same time . is in the final congratulations . was also a wonderful fight . Please aim for the World Cup success please do your best 70 years ago 200,000 people died in the battle of . I pray to the souls lost and vow for a future In the last great war 200,000 precious lives were lost in . Today 70 years since the battle against I have participated in the memorial service of the whole war dead of . Those who died in the battlefield we dedicated ourselves to condolence to those who were suffering the war and lost their deaths and pledged to continue the path of peace in the future . Attended the celebratory event of 50th anniversary of normalization of diplomatic relations between and . Many people such as officials from and executives of ruling and opposition parties attended . It is also a great pleasure to attend President in celebratory events in . I would like to take hands together and build a new era for both countries . Today is the 50th anniversary of the normalization of diplomatic relations between and . 50th Anniversary . With citizens citizens I would like to celebrate . who is in visiting Foreign Minister We received courtesy call visits . My father Foreign Minister was delivering pictures of my visit to 50th . normalizing diplomatic relations . Visiting . Visited which was evacuated on the whole island with a volcanic eruption last month . I encouraged the children . Born in amp mom basis of stronger bilateral relation of Commander is in . The commander mother is and he is deeply in touch with our country . We agreed to further strengthen the Alliance . The second day of the summit . We discuss and verify assertions at the study meeting in the morning . venue . I am moving from the annex to the main building to head to the summit meeting golf cart ride to the conference We are on a golf cart and heading for the summit venue . Summer A Summit began at in . It is a beautiful valley resort . At the leadership of Prime Minister the leaders walked together . We will deepen the discussion about various problems of the world from now . I donated a flower to the unknown warrior monument in the capital of . It is our first visit to as prime minister . In a meeting with President I expressed my willingness to cooperate in the stabilization and reform of . I greeted President of the who came to as a state guest to the . We were able to agree on a wide range of subjects including the transportation infrastructure development regional stability based on rule of law . President on range of issues importance of and regional stability . I visited a temporary housing . I want to return but I also have anxiety . We asked frank voices of residents who are evacuating . We hospitable people at the summit attendance at powerful dance . Visited the tsunami disaster area in together with the summit participating leaders such as the . I went to who visited recovery efforts and made flowers . We received a welcome from local people . Reunited with of . Received warm welcome when visiting last from residence We met again with Prime Minister of . It was a fierce battlefield of World War II but when I visited in last year the residents also welcomed me . We took part in the party leaders discussion at the of the . President Thank you once again for your and warm welcome to and I in . Visited ancient road in prefecture . enjoys a lot of tourism resources including world heritage hot springs rich variety of ingredients including tuna . I was able to meet many people from inside and outside including foreign visitors who have repeatedly visited . I visited the memorial monument of the in . Twenty years after the earthquake I pledged again that I should prepare for disaster preparedness thoroughly . Today the decided . A bill to ensure peace between and the world without repeating the disaster of war again . With this legislation we will be able to deal with everything that threatens peace and stability and we will raise the deterrent to prevent conflict . Huge congratulations on your splendid victory in the general election . attended by dignitaries active in various fields who made contributions to relations . Many people who contributed to exchange including who are active in each field participated in the event . I was moved by the hardship experienced by honored at for monument amp national museum . Visited the troops monument . I made a flower arrangement . Many residents living in the have overcome various difficulties and have made efforts to develop the relationship . I thought of that effort and hardship again . Reunited with . I was overwhelmed by the acceleration of the car that I tried . Discussed benefits of but also connecting the unconnected rd . Reunited with at headquarters . very quiet car . and innovation embodied . I felt sympathy for the young founder who told hotly about the approach to the two thirds of the world who have not yet connected to the net . 1st PM to visit round table w leaders . Agree needs culture without fear of failure I visited for the first time as Prime Minister of . Following the open symposium with President I attended a round table with leaders . Recognized the importance of creating culture not afraid of failure in . Life of great discussions . A gala dinner sponsored by me and my wife at the museum courtyard . I enjoyed hosting dinner this evening with many close friends of at the . Many people who contributed to relations attended . Finished a productive with discussing topics of economic relations . Discussion with the Chamber of and . From me I will explain efforts and current situation economic relations and etc . We had a frank discussion . alliance Alliance of hope I gave my first speech as Prime Minister at the upper and lower of the . I strongly appealed the Alliance to be an alliance of hope . I got applause and standing ovation many times . deeply moved by the World War II memorial . The with stars represented fallen soldiers . Visited the monument built with memorial to the soldiers who died at the time of World War II It was . I made a flower arrangement in front of where more than 4,000 stars representing the victims are embedded . I attended my wife at the dinner party hosted by President . In the bee my favorite drama of I received a lot of jokes . Had a successful summit meeting where and confirmed support of peace and stability in the region . We came to summit meeting . The alliance is indispensable not only for the region but also for world peace and stability . I was able to confirm that and the will cooperate to create a world full of peace and stability . I came to the welcome ceremony at the . It was a wonderful ceremony symbolizing the wonderful blue sky and fresh green the bright future of relations . I was invited to an impromptu walk by at the President invited me to take a walk after arriving in . Two people walked Memorial . Visited the a war dead memorial facility . Many heroes and celebrities are buried . I made a flower arrangement to the tomb of the unknown warrior . I will exchange opinions with the students studying at the oldest higher education institution in the about relations and the prospects of the international community . We discussed politics diplomacy energy policies and a wide range of issues frankly . Praying for the victims of . community must unite in their fight against terrorism . Visit the site of the marathon bombing incident . I made a flower arrangement and offered a silent prayer . I prayed for the souls of the victims and renewed their resolve to unite and fight the international community without giving up to terrorism . I was invited to the private residence of Secretary of . It is a historic mansion . I spent time . warm hospitality there is Thank you Secretary thank you for the memorable dinner and friendship tonight . It was wonderful . I visited Library . I was impressed that President brilliant leadership brought many fruits to the . Ambassador thank you for the guide . Thank you for a tour of your father is an inspiration for all of us . Arrived in . In this visit to the we are planning a speech at the summit meeting with President and also at the of the upper and lower of which will become the first Prime Minister of our country . Delighted to be in the Looking forward to forging stronger ties with President We have held a summit meeting for the first time in five months . The relationship between and is improving and by agreeing on the necessity of contributing to the stability and prosperity of the region and the world by promoting strategic reciprocal relations . President I agreed on developing a strategic partnership for better regional stability prosperity . Meeting with President of . We discussed the strengthening of cooperative relations between the two countries in various fields . conference with President of . The conference host President of and I discuss various mutually important issues . Meeting with President in hosting this meeting . We discussed a wide range of topics such as energy and infrastructure expanding investment in export related industries disaster prevention . Attending flowers on tombs of soldiers for all nationals at the . I am on a visit to to attend the 60 th anniversary of . I visited the and made flower arrangement . 28 people of who participated in the Revolutionary War have also been buried . At the garden party . At the . I attended the of . I reported about the schedule of visit to the of . We also asked for cooperation for the establishment of the security legislation again . Today I met with the governor of Prefecture . We exchanged frank opinions about the promotion of Prefecture and the reduction of the base burden . In future I would like to explain carefully one by one in order to advance various issues as a government . For that I will continue the . Deliberation of energy rock regulation reform bill was started . We will fully liberalize regional monopoly of electric power sales which lasted 60 years . We will also remove the barriers between gas and electricity . Finally an era where anyone can freely choose an electric power company or a gas company will be realized . Their Imperial Majesties taking off to to pay tribute to and soldiers . and Today departed for visit . While cold rain was pouring down we sent off both our Majesty in . In this visit you can dedicate a memorial memorial to the memorial monuments of both and the on a fierce battlefield . Today 41 parliamentary parliamentary elections for prefectures and 17 government ordinance cities began . Rural areas are the main players of growth . I can not do a virtuous circle of the economy without losing the rural areas . Together with me let make dawn of certain message unified local election From today a new child support system will be launched . The Headquarters to be its command tower was also established . Eliminate waiting children break down 1 small wall and work on urgent issues with speed . The cherry blossoms at the Prime Minister also became full bloom . I will do my utmost to make the economy in full bloom . A with unparalleled accomplishments . I visited and joined the national funeral of former Prime Minister along with the leaders of the countries . I am deeply respected for the great achievement of the deceased who is the father of founding nation and a great great who contributed to the peace and prosperity of and the international community . local election election started today . nomination candidates are all human resources who are indispensable for realization of regional creation advanced by the . We are looking forward to your support of the candidate . The first half of the unified local election will start from tomorrow . Aiming for the election of all candidates who are officially recognized by the and nominated for recommendation we recorded a message video to be played at a personal speech society during the election period . I was deeply saddened by the news of the passing of HE My deepest sympathy and heartfelt condolences to the people of . Former Prime Minister the father of founding death has died . The development of today is original . and region and even throughout the life for the peace and stability of the world He was a great leader . I sincerely pray for your souls . Graduation ceremony at the . As the highest commander of the I taught to those graduating in the year of the milestone of 70 years after the war . Three international students including women graduated from where the participated in for former nation building with foreign students from countries . Three days ago first landing in . The purpose was to appeal the importance of educational support for women in developing countries . I sincerely express my condolence to the people who were sacrificed in the attack incident in . Even if there are any reasons terrorism will not be tolerated . I strongly condemn it . In the future I am thinking that I will do my utmost to fight against terrorism while deepening cooperation with the international community . Yesterday I invited former president to to Prime Minister residence and had dinner together . Former Prime Minister Ambassador of the to I also had him attend . 3rd in . announced a statement at the on for disaster prevention and relief effort . Taking advantage of our findings we will carry out disaster reduction cooperation of 4 billion dollars in the next 4 years . The third disaster reduction world conference is held in . We met with who was present at the conference . One of the most exciting moments of yesterday convention . Representation of determination by all representatives of all women . Powerful calling by . Party 60 years yesterday greetings at the which has reached 60 years of party . I will survive the upcoming unified local elections and will make sure the dawn of that celebrated a new morning from the twilight As recently announced the 82nd will be held the following day . The pattern will be relayed on the net from in the morning . Please take a look Party 60 years The matter of snapshots of the past president who was admitted to the presidential office mentioned in the previous tweet . My 3rd president seems that my grandfather and my photo of an early age sitting on my grandmother knee were not linked . I sorry . I will post it again . The is tomorrow . The pattern of the of March 8 will be broadcast live on the net . I will also stand I will tell you about the creation of rural areas and the determination towards the unified local elections . Please take a look . The is tomorrow evening Party 60 years President of the is now the 25th generation . A snapshot of the former president is displayed in the president office . This is the third president of the photograph of my grandfather . I am sitting on my grandmother knee when I was young will be held on March 8th . This year it is the ruling party 60 years . It is positioned as a year to open new doors and we will promote regional creation and female success . welcomes Professor who was awarded the Prize in Prize for development of blue light emitting diode Party 60 years Prince and I visited of rests on these children with so much energy and playfulness . Prince and To hot spring inn . I enjoyed the fresh ingredients of . Visited and in . I played with a cheerful child . Children are responsible for the future of . Reconstruction We asked stories of everyone of the reconstruction public housing in . I would like you to make bonds with new homes . I will also focus on care of the mind . I greeted at the meeting of the held in Reconstruction . I appealed the importance of using women . will continue to engage in the fight against terrorism in cooperation with the international community . I resolutely condemn such despicable act of terrorism which attack freedom of expression and pluralistic values . Shooting On terrorist attack in I send my sincere condolences to The victims and their families . From the heart to the families of those who were sacrificed in the recent gunfire terrorist attacks in I would like to express my condolence . of expression mean acts of terrorism attacking multiple values I feel strong indignation . Decisively condemn it . will continue to cooperate with the international community I will work on the fight against terrorism . A new poster of the announced on 7 . Catch copy is local people are the leading role in growth . We will strongly advance regional creation under the cabinet and deliver winds of economic recovery all the way to the nation . It is scheduled to debut nationwide in . you for your kind message Very much looking forward to working with you in building stronger ties . I am looking forward to the visit of of Number 10 gov Thanks to . for his call of congratulations Together we will strengthen ties.. Number 10 gov Thank you for the warm congratulations . will continue to move forward . I am excited to be able to work with Prime Minister . I was able to get a voice from the citizens saying move even further Thank you so much for your warm message Excited to continue working with you amp It was . I would like to express my sincere gratitude to everyone who voted for the ruling party to visit the polling place in bad weather . 291 seats . I will grasp the weight of the responsibility and will steadily advance policy forward firmly with my own solid coalition . General election Speech at the last street at the electric town mouth of station . We will surely realize a strong society of women shining together with candidates strong growth of the economy . Please push it up anyway . election speech by at station . Thank you to everyone who gathered in the snowstorm . The power of is necessary to transmit wonderful tourism resources to both domestic and overseas and to further advance regional revitalization . Great support Go to general election station entrance . Support of candidate . Many people gathered in the snow . who works internationally as a sports doctor . We will accomplish the revitalization of community medicine and the success of the 2020 Games . General election cheering candidate at the south exit of Station . a former teacher is a vice chairman of the of and and continues to run with the desire to manage children education . Have a warm support for young politician The final election day starts from . received a signature of more than 80,000 people and accomplished designation of a disease of illness in which the hands and leg muscles contract . It is a wonderful candidate with belief and viability . support of general election 13th Part 2 17 05 station 19 30 street entrance It is the schedule of 13 last day . 11 40 city hall front 2 ward 12 50 Station Exit 16 05 station mouth 1st district speech meeting of station east exit . Candidate support speech . who has been active in party party policy for small and medium enterprises . Please lend me your power to young politicians who are responsible for the future of . to general election . I appealed for support to candidate in front of station . Knowledge and experience of Minister of and Minister are indispensable for spreading agricultural products to the world more . By all means please give me big support . General election cherry blossom sponsored supporters association of candidate at the east exit of . who was a bureaucrat of the of and is a specialist in this field . In order to promote agriculture forestry and fisheries industry we will continue to disseminate agricultural products to the world together . General election Today is the start from shop front . To the society where all women shine . politician who plays the future of We promote candidates and local creation . Thank you for your great support General election ... It is a secretary . It is now ... . Today I will go to various places of and with president . campaign is also two days remaining . I will do my best till the end of the last one And the emergency announcement on the last day Spreading hope Participation of participated in final street speech comes back to We look forward to your participation everyone . 13 Sat 18 30 front Secretarial up It is the support schedule of 12th tomorrow . 10 50 Store 3 Ward 13 00 tree entrance 2 ward noodle 16 10 station front 2 ward 18 30 station east exit 1st ward to . A street speech alongside in square . Three thousand people gathered together . who was an official of the of and is an immediate fighting force . We will work together on support to the region and regeneration of regional economies . Go to general election . Supporting speech by at and new shopping street shop . who is active as Secretary of Youth Director . We also work hard to resolve the abduction issue . Let create proud country together with . General election and . speech for candidate . who was a member of the assembly council has abundant ideas of regional creation . battle electoral district . Please be sure to win . to general election . is a support speech ceremony of candidate in front of crescent moon branch . who served as governor of for 12 years and is well acquainted with local issues . We will realize regional creation together . General election today starting from 411 . candidate who is a doctor has worked hard to establish the revision law of the organ transplant law and death cause investigation promotion law etc etc . We will advance science and technology innovation which is the pillar of the growth strategy together . schedule for general election tomorrow Part 2 16 00 and new shopping street 1st Ward 17 20 Station square square We are going to tomorrow . The support schedule is as follows . 10 30 411 1st Ward 12 55 before the crescent moon branch 14 10 Chamber of and Saga 1st Ward We had a pig maker at 551 . What a deliciousness . Three days to go we can go all the way to the end with full power . Supporting speech by candidate at . Ms. Deputy Foreign Minister is a specialist in diplomacy within the party . diplomacy we will work on solving the abduction issue together . Go to general election . candidate support speech meeting in . Together with who is a reformist who served as a member of the municipal assembly for the fourth term he lived and energized in to general election station west entrance . candidate support speech meeting . also has practical experience as a banker and also has experience as a corporate manager . Economic recovery we will proceed together election cheering for candidate in front of station in 6th district . Infrastructure development in the southern part of is essential for the development of the region . We would like to ask for his great support as a tax expert . election Supporting speech meeting of candidate candidate at major muscle . As a member of the company he has 33 years of experience working on promoting economic revitalization and technology innovation . Let bring up young politicians together election cheering candidate in front of the election office of 4th district . Ms. promotes tougher country landscape and tries to make a flexible supple town that is strong against disasters . It is a politician with necessary execution power in . support candidate at the street speech meeting in front of Station . In the power of finance professionals candidates is absolutely necessary to deliver the real feeling of economic recovery to each and every one of our families . General election Today we started from citizen park in prefecture . candidate and and a street speech meeting . Together with two young candidates we will achieve revival . Election Day of 10 Wed Support schedule 2 6th District Exit 1 District 18 00 front 1st district 19 00 camera multimedia front 4th district Supporting schedule of 10th Wed Part 1 10 10 citizen park 2 3 12 05 Station in 2 ward Before Office 4th District 14 15 Major muscle 3 wards A street speech with candidate at the east exit of station . Ms. who is active as a Foreign Minister . I will cooperate with to make children have dreams and hopes . We greatly appreciate your support to candidate . General election 5 ward . will continue desperately fighting without taking a step back against Secretary General . I want to win politicians necessary for at all ways . Everyone please help me . General election station west exit support of candidate . of a young who has commuted train commuters and has seriously worked on the steady way in the community . 5 ward is one of the toughest fights . I want you to win anything . Everyone please support . to . Dole In front of station candidate support speech meeting . Reconstruction of and revitalization of the regional economy will be accomplished with next generation . General election at ya in . I asked for stories while talking with local people and lunch . Today I started in front of the branch department store in . candidate who is also a lawyer has worked on a number of bills including the law on land issues in disaster areas . Let raise a young politician together The general election tomorrow 9th enters and for support . The schedule is as follows . 12 00-12 30 Department Store in front of branch 15 35 15 55 Dole Front 17 35 18 05 Station Pref . 18 55 19 25 station east exit general election camera station station supporters support for candidate . who is also a tax accountant is a specialist in finance and finance . We will concentrate our efforts to proceed strongly . Please give me support Go ahead of the general election gas bomb . speech for candidate . Economic recovery this is the only way Thank you for your great support General election store front 0620 Alongside the candidate street address . who served as vice chairman of the party science club science section and worked on educational issues with burning passion and execution power . Please give me big support . General election Shopping center candidate support speech session . has been seriously tackling economic measures for small businesses and small businesses . Let keep pushing forward with the power to recover the economy . election At stadium candidate support speech meeting . Three thousand people gathered . From rural areas to countries . I firmly establish a scrum with Ms. and I will reinforce with the power of manufacturing election Move in front of store . Speech supporting supporters of candidate . We want to bring power together with two people and deliver manufacturing industry in city to the world . Thank you for your support . General election yesterday morning discussion by the secretary general of each party . Secretary General carefully explained the policies of the and did not interrupt the opponent remarks in any opposition party mouth and was dealing in good faith . The character who summarized the in the difficult opposition days was oozing . I also want to learn this attitude . Today is the start from . has delicious dried fish seafood agricultural products such as strawberries . Regional resources to the world . We are looking forward to the candidate a former banking representative young candidate . election I will visit 5 wards tomorrow . candidate for our party is a young politician who is responsible for the future of the . I would like to respond to the passion of who is probably fighting in the most difficult constituency of . 8 prefecture prefecture tomorrow . The schedule of the speech is as follows . Part 1 10 20 10 50 Station North Exit 13 15 13 45 store front 14 20 14 50 Stadium 15 20 15 50 front Bamboo shopping center front election Part 2 16 20 16 50 Front election office 17 10 17 40 In front of Building 18 10 18 40 camera station western store General Election Station North Exit Square a candidate sponsored by candidate . who served as Parliamentary Minister of and and worked together on improving the educational environment for children . I am also serving as special assistant to my governor . Your great support Go to general election station north exit . Financial professional support speech for candidates . The 21 ward is particularly severe constituency . Please support as many people as possible . General election temple station Speech support speech for candidate . served as a youth director joined the site quickly as a director of local affairs headquarters at volcano eruption . Please give great support to the young power . General election to . candidate support speech . who has worked as a mayor of in 22 years has worked on numerous tasks and changed to a vibrant town . Please give me big support . station west exit preflight candidate street speech meeting . is a former Foreign Minister also an expert in finance . There is only this way . We will work together to accelerate the recovery of the economy . General election At the north entrance of station candidate support speech meeting . As many as 5000 people gathered . has been working as a member of the for many years as a member of the for revitalizing the area disaster countermeasures and improving administrative efficiency . General election store in front of candidate support speech . At the time of the Earthquake I quickly entered and wrote a report who reflected it in the contents of the . For the Games young action power is necessary . Today schedule started from . I worked steadily as a district until he became a member of the of two years ago . Please give me big support . . Of course hot noodles as well as dinner . One of cool I want people in the world to eat . Schedule 2 16 10 16 35 front 16 50 17 15 Station Rotary 17 55 18 20 Station North Exit front 19 00 19 25 Station North Exit Square Tomorrow to the capital . Schedule 1 11 00 11 25 Super Viva Home store front 12 15 12 35 station east exit 13 05 13 30 station north entrance 14 45 15 10 station west entrance front Rotary north side candidate support speech . We are strongly supportive of candidate who is an IT expert on the and has been seriously tackling economic policies and local promotion . Go to general election . A street speech meeting of candidate at station . In addition to economic recovery creation I also mentioned the overseas expansion of noodle in . Thank you for your support . The general election I wrote as the street speech in front of station 3000 people but it seems that it was over 5000 people . Many people really gathered . Go to general election . in front of the store Supporting candidates for candidate . who has the ability to break through making full use of the experience as a lawyer and aggressively compiling legislative members . Please provide some support . election In front of station street head teacher street speech . Three thousand people gathered . Head teacher who has worked on revitalizing regional industry with abundant ideas . We will tackle regional creation and strength together . General election before the Store Started with a support speech by candidate . I myself have a special feeling in . I would like to ask for your support to the former Minister of Secretary who struggles daily to develop the city of . General election Continuation of the schedule on 6 . 15 35 16 05 Happy store 17 05 17 35 station exit 18 15 18 45 north side It is the schedule of the trip on 6 . 9 55 10 15 Station front 10 55 11 25 store front 12 05 12 25 Shin 14 05 14 35 The tourist schedule we announced in the previous tweets was not a tomorrow but a mistake on the day after tomorrow 7 . Tomorrow 6 will enter and prefectures . 16 10 16 35 front 16 50 17 15 Station Rotary 17 55 18 20 Station North Exit front 19 00 19 25 Station North Exit Square Tomorrow is . I plan to make a street speech at nine locations in . 11 00 11 25 Super Viva Home store front 13 05 13 30 station north entrance 14 45 15 10 station west entrance front Rotary 5 wards have reported that candidate is fierce battle with Secretary General . is one of the young ace . We have accumulated serious activities . We urge you to extend the circle of support at . I ate soup curry of specialty . It is bitter but delicious . General election station north entrance support speech . who realized such as subsidies for road snow removal expenses and highway a new commercialization between the surpluses . Regional creation let continue together In front of the general election ceremony shop Support speech of candidate . Ms. former vice minister of and . Let deliver agriculture forestry and fishery products in to the world . to . candidate support speech . I will realize regional creation with and I will reinforce and . We greatly appreciate your support Support speech by by election office . Taking advantage of the experience he was a member of the let work hard together to create . General election Today we started from . For revitalization and reconstruction in it is a leading security guarantor and the power of candidate who has been doing his best to restore the development budget is necessary . The general election means is only to run around himself and to utilize . We appreciate your cooperation by all means . It is candidate steadfastness I think that sincere activities of daily activities have been appreciated by local people . It is not an appearance through a or a mass communication but also an evaluation of personality and policies actually met with him . However the opponent is a secretary general there is a call through a major media . Newspaper reports say that the candidate of in 5 ward is a close battle between secretary general of the of and secretary general of the of . Why are young who has no chance to go out to the media differently from Secretary why are you fighting hard Tomorrow schedule 10 05 10 40 Hotel 12 00-12 35 Hotel 15 00-15 30 election office side 16 00 16 30 Life Building Front 17 00 17 30 Front 18 00 18 30 Station North Exit Station Street address in front of . We are looking forward to your support for candidate who is also a medical specialist . candidate support speech that has worked on the abduction issue together with the general election force . 2000 people gathered in front of station . Appeal by wearing the coat . is delicious of . 200 energy filling warming the heart and body Moved to express station . I did a street address with candidate . who continued walking locally as a member of the assembly . Regional creation we will continue together . Speech supporting speech by at . Former Mayor who has achieved achievements in numerous reforms is a specialist in regional administration . We will combine strength and realize regional creation fishermen cooking spot before the blue sky market a street speech of candidates . regeneration thank you for your support to young candidates who appeal to regain the energy of economy . Today is the start from station . Gate who works as a key member of . The tourism nation is one of the most important pillars of the growth strategy . During the rainy season I gave a strong support speech address . It is the election that took whether will go forward or retreat in that era . I will fight with all my strength with a strong tension till the very end . From now on we will support the candidates of Prefecture Prefecture the ruling party 10 people and will make a street speech at 10 places . recovery There is only this way . Today press reports have reported that this election rally party is dominant . But the election has just begun . The one who loses the election is always defeated the small districts cover from the root with only a few percent of the . Elections in the regime reported as major victory during the election resulted in a major defeat . schedule for and prefectures tomorrow Part 2 14 45 15 05 in 15 40 16 10 16 50 17 10 City 18 50 19 20 Station Previous Tomorrow is a street speech at 10 places in Prefecture and prefecture . Schedule 1 before Prefecture 11 50 12 20 12 35 13 05 expressway 14 00 14 20 Street headquarters meeting in mouth before . hot ale to candidates . We ask for your great support to young candidate who is responsible for the future of . Moved in front of Cultural Center . I stood for a candidacy support speech . Despite heavy rain many people gathered together . I sent a hot ale to defeat the thunder . prefecture central store in front of candidate and a street speech . Together all I will aim for the realization of a society where women shine. is the sixth morning building in . Meals while exchanging opinions with local people . street address speech before . diplomacy and fighting with full power to recapture all . Started from station today with a street heading meeting of candidate . I will cheer for Prefecture tomorrow . The schedule is as follows . 6th district 10 00 station front 2 ward 11 20 city cultural center front 4 ward 13 10 A ion prefecture shop front 3 ward 14 00 Citizens 1st District 15 45 headquarters in front of station collaborate with candidate 812 candidate candidate candidate . Many people gathered in the rain . We will work together to accelerate the economic recovery . I bought some coffee in the parking area . music speech in front of store . A speech with candidate in front of 1,500 people . candidate who is also a doctor seriously worked on medical system and social security system . I ask for your strong support . with people in . I listened to the voices of residents and wrote a message . Correction of the tweet . made a speech to the candidate was not in front of the store . prefecture address in front of the store . With candidate in the local 3 ward . candidate was the second administration and acted as Deputy Minister of Infrastructure Transport and and Deputy Minister for Office and Deputy Minister in charge of reconstruction . We will promote reconstruction together with strength . We are looking forward to your support kale is very delicious I went sharply . In the street address with the candidate candidate I strongly appealed to continue to devote full effort to reconstruction as the administration and to eliminate harmful rumors of fishery products . A speech meeting at Soma fishing port . With the local great people candidate . Cabinet of the second administration who was a big successor as Minister for Security Minister for was one of the people indispensable for reconstruction . support please It is a little coverage of coverage chasing the party leader . Everything is a serious game . In the train of the heading for . While reading the morning newspaper relax for a moment . Election campaign starts at last . I will head to from now . is the public notice day of the lower house election . The presidential campaign starts from and prefectures . The schedule is as follows . 10 30 11 00 Soma City Soma fishing port 13 10 13 40 in front 14 55 15 25 station at station . speech collaboration with former of . speech meeting in front of station . I had my local former of accompany him . heading speech of station . who worked on educational issues together with strength and sent a hot message with former of . front . A street speech alongside the former of . I had you talk with me hotly in front of the shoppers on . We will also do our utmost to solve the child rearing problem in this area . Good morning Today we will hold a speech at five locations in Prefecture . 10 10 Exit 12 45 Station North Exit 1 4 30 Station East Exit Rotary 16 00 Station North Exit 17 00 New Station Deck speech at station front shop . With local lawmaker former of Representatives who is also a political party in the party . speech meeting in front of station . Former of grabbed the microphone with the former of . Together we will realize the revival of the economy At station a street speech alongside former of . I strongly appealed that we should not stop gears of achievements and economic recovery . To the station street speech meeting the former of accompanied me . There were 2,000 audiences in the rainy venue . It was a terrible heat . speech at . former of assembly council Together with three members of the former of Representatives he became a joint speaker . Today is undergoing a campaign in prefecture . speech meeting in front of . Appealing side by side with the former of . is a speech at six locations in Prefecture . 12 220 12 50 Station 13 20 13 50 Station North Exit 14 20 14 50 Station North Exit 15 20 15 50 Station West Exit 16 20 16 50 Station East Exit Deck 17 15 17 45 Street speech meeting at station west entrance in front of the store . elected together with the former of strongly appealed the achievements of the government for two years . A street speech meeting at in . In parallel with the local former of Representatives we held a microphone . strongly appealed local creation here . city . for dinner . Very delicious I will fly to prefecture tomorrow and then return to . The tour dates are as follows . 13 10 13 40 Front of in society 18 20 18 50 Station Speech meeting . I am in city . Participated as a lecturer at the assembly of the former of . Speech at the street speech meeting in . The government of was appealed in a wide range of fields such as an increase in foreign tourists to this area employment problems and so on . former lower house member accompanied me . A street speech meeting in front of city station . In the photo my right is . On the left is upper house opposition chairman . I strongly appealed on connecting to the development of this area . I visited sugar at beet sugar sugar in . I understood the process by which sugar beet becomes delicious sugar well . is a campaign . 10 10 10 40 sugar Co. Ltd . room sugar factory Inspection 11 05 11 30 station entrance speech society 13 15 13 45 shop factory tour 14 10 14 40 station speech session 18 15 18 45 Flower Hotel Second floor speech session Message of the whole body at the street speech meeting of Station . Next to the local Representative of the of . afternoon . We held a meeting at the temporary housing complex in within city east middle school premises . A member of the of accompanied me . Arrived at in Prefecture in the afternoon . Shaking hands with local people . Morning . Before leaving for hot lemons at the station kiosk bought . I will enter for the first time . Today I will do a presidential campaign in Prefecture . The schedule is as follows . 16 20 vegetable garden 1-10-1 I wish to all those who suffered from the earthquake in Prefecture . Today I went to village to inspect the damage situation . While winter is coming soon I will take full responses so that victims will not feel cold . ... I dissolved the of today . system is the origin of parliamentary democracy . I decided that I should ask the people to believe as I make a serious change in the tax system . This dissolution is dissolution of the . ... has ended . It was a warm welcome from people . The picture is a local paper telling the opening of the . WELCOME TO Welcome letters and interesting pictures where the leaders of each country were synthesized . For some reason SURF ... summit started . It is a place where the leaders of the participating countries exchange frank opinions among the leaders . Today main themes were strengthening growth of the global economy and job creation . ... Tony You and I can make a solid bridge bet . We arrived in in to attend . I met with Prime Minister again While having a meal together I was able to have a wide range of discussions on relations and world affairs . I attended the held in . This conference was established 9 years ago and is a member of countries and . ... I attended the in . The leaders of countries ... made a Xi and the summit meeting of . ... We are visiting to attend the . Last night we held a summit meeting with President . President has a deep understanding of martial arts and culture such as being judo himself . ... I participated in a fall garden party with a couple . In a calm atmosphere I was able to have an exchange with people from various fields . We spent a meaningful time such as asking various stories of different fields . I can not stop handling pages I think that this word is appropriate for this documentary Break the wolf fangs . In the days when the left wing violence group raged up and took a person life altogether there were some people who stood up boldly . It is also a story of that obsession . ... ... ... There were various things and it has been awhile ... ... It is a secretary . ... A dinner party invited by the of the and the same queen who is visiting as a state guest was held in the court and attended by a couple . ... Diplomatic critic passed away . We began to interpret the Constitution of collective rights and devoted our efforts toward establishing the . I sincerely ask for your souls . Truly people . It was a day I felt that the idea at the time of its establishment became a reality . Today I attended the 60th anniversary of the and the as an observer in the aerial viewing ceremony . ... We met with all of the top air force forces in the the and playing a major role in the peace and stability of the vast area from the to the . ... I met with graduate school who was awarded the Prize in . LED is an technology contributing to energy conservation in the world . According to Professor it seems that development of a blue light emitting diode was more difficult than making diamonds . ... The leaders of 51 countries gathered in . Many talks and talks of multiple countries were held on this occasion . I met with President for the first time in 8 months we met for the first time with President . I am present at the 10th of the Meeting held in . From me I have contributed to contributing to global economic growth through the latest growth strategy efforts . ... After the talks with the and so on it is a general conference . I am in for attending . The picture is taken at the . We are planning to hold a summit meeting with President etc . during each meeting . to the affected area in Prefecture for the seventh time . ... The of the of has started today . Through constructive discussions I would like to explain the policies of the cabinet so that people can easily understand it . ... The world is facing a serious crisis now and we should unite under the banner of the . I called on the world like this at the plenary of the . I attended a restaurant in . Using ingredients sake with a delicious and beautiful dish prepared with famous chefs from the and a fine dessert . Guests from various countries were also very satisfied . I joined with in clothes and it was a time when I felt pleasantly pleasant . I attended the on where and experts from large companies leading the world economy gather together . towards strong economic growth implementation of agricultural reform that became a unified partner both inside and outside ... ... I got a celebration cake for my 60th birthday at the consulate official residence in . It was a nice surprise I arrived in . For the next five days there will be plenty of international conferences speeches and bilateral talks in the beginning of the speech at the of the . Your physical condition is good with your gratitude . I firmly disseminate assertion . Thank you for your many comments and comments . Today I celebrated the 60th birthday . I am going to take care of my life but I think I will do my best for my country better . We visited the in and showed the state of the Knight learning support activity by night volunteers . ... Happy Birthday We had a great time together in and . See you next time Without reconstruction of there is no reconstruction of . ... I arrived in . is a country that strongly supported peace with at the . In 1957 five years after the entry into force of the Treaty 30,000 people came out and welcomed the Prime Minister visiting the country . ... Arrived in . I will be visiting for the first time in 14 years as Prime Minister . We were greeted with a lot of and national flag . The intimate relationship between the two countries is also transmitted from the flag . It is more than 600 days since I celebrated my expectations from the public and launched the crisis breakthrough cabinet . is regaining confidence that it will be able to grow strongly again that he can play an active part in the center of the world . ... . We agreed that the two countries should work together to contribute to the peace and prosperity of and the world . As s largest democracies and enjoy bilateral relations with greatest potentials . PM and I agreed to advance cooperation in political economic cultural and all other fields . PM and I attended tea ceremony . PM looked very relaxed and enjoyed tea . I met the Prime Minister of and . Tea . I enjoyed tea with relaxing work . At the summit meeting held at the guest house we confirmed that we will greatly advance cooperation in all sectors including politics economics culture . ... Looking forward to seeing PM again in tomorrow . I am very glad that enjoyed the cultural heritage of s ancient capital . Looking at statutes of we were reminded of the deep historical ties between and . With PM I visited temple this morning . Quite valuable to exchange views on topics such as cultural exchanges and international affairs . Very enjoyable to have dinner together with last night . My warmest welcome to Prime Minister for his visit to . This morning I visited Prime Minister and . While looking at the statue of again I felt a deep historical connection between and . It seems that has enjoyed the charm of the ancient capital of I am also very happy . ... We welcomed Prime Minister of at the in . The ancient capital is a city that has deeply penetrated the that came in . I would like to further deepen the ties of historical exchange between and . We met the members of on for members . ... Together we can do a lot for peace and prosperity in the world . Your first visit to as will add a new chapter to our strategic partnership . I entered a disaster area of disasters caused by heavy rain in prefecture . We are delighted to express our condolences to those who died due to this heavy rain . Also I would like to express my condolences from the heart to the affected people . ... On the day of the end of the war after worshiping the war dead tombs of we held a ceremony to memorialize the people of the war dead . ... I came home from yesterday and have hand in hand with the of those who died this past year . We also visited the festival after a long absence . The picture is one piece at Cultural Heritage A few way garden festival ... We participated in atomic bomb victim civil memorial peace memorial ceremony and for the of the people who were the victim of the atomic bomb I truly dedicated my sincerity . ... City I attended the memorial ceremony of the atomic bomb death sun peace memorial ceremony . ... I met a master of football in capital . Since the establishment of the J League including former coach he and the shoulder are played with the people who contributed greatly to the development of football as a player and manager . With President in . We presented bond which recorded friendship between and since the . We held a summit meeting with President . We have deepened our ties with as an earthquake each other . Last May we donated a statue to Prefecture which is the affected area . ... I got to . At that same day 55 years ago Prime Minister at that time was officially visiting . ... Today I visited as Prime Minister for the first time in the third country visiting . I have played against at the World Cup of Soccer but expectations are rising for the possibility of becoming a base in such as the advance of companies advancing . ... I am heading for under the leadership of a horse unit to receive honor . Arrived in . The capital is at altitude 2,600 meters . A little air is thin but cool and refreshing . This is night around a little now . I am preparing for the summit tomorrow . ... I arrived at the southernmost tip of the an island country and . This year which is the 50th anniversary of diplomatic relations with the first visit as prime minister has been realized . ... and ceremonies were guided and visited ruins and climbed to the top of the pyramid . Whether you always make a wish when you do a wish at the summit . In this visit to diplomacy which view of the globe also covers all continents . Today we had a summit meeting in the first country . This year is a memorial year that will be 400 years since visited . ... I left for outing trip over from yesterday . I arrived in . It is a summit talk from now . After observing the Screen I bothered in the farms of which is engaged in perfect organic cultivation that sticks to making soils in . Tomatoes with a high degree of completeness troublesome and taste are also the best . ... Registered as a World Heritage Site in this year with enthusiasm and efforts of the local people for many years . milling place can be said as the origin of modernization in . ... We held a telephone conference on Prime Minister on the recent deteriorating situation of . ... Today is the marine day . I appreciate the blessings of the sea and it is a holiday where I think about the importance of the sea . Why do not you think on the sea by going out to the seaside or taking a boat on this occasion I will also send you a message with a thought to inherit and stable ocean to the next generation . ... I am in city . I operated a fuel cell car which is an innovative car that does not emit carbon dioxide . It is a car of a new era running with hydrogen . We reviewed the regulations all at once at last year and it is expected to be widely spread from now on . We will introduce initiatives to official vehicles of central government agencies . ... I visited the disaster area of East Earthquake Town in Prefecture City . The bases of making rebuild in earnest . In agricultural production corporations that cultivate cabbage and the like productivity improves before the earthquake disaster . Let be better than before the disaster . I was full of such motivation . ... I visited the disaster area of East Earthquake Town in Prefecture City . The bases of making rebuild in earnest . In agricultural production corporations that cultivate cabbage and the like productivity improves before the earthquake disaster . Let be better than before the disaster . I was full of such motivation . ... After returning home last Prime Minister who finished excursion was surprised It was amazing A great hospitality in told . It was not covered in the news see the enthusiastic welcome from local people . ... I visited the coastal town of in the north of . We received a big welcome from citizens who shake the flags of in every place I visited and along the roadside . More than 120,000 people died in this country during the last great war . ... ... ... It is a secretary . Prime Minister is summarizing related videos of foreign trip . A speech in that was rated historic on each paper . Then please have a look at the joint press conference with Prime Minister at . ... It is dishonest as the Prime Minister that it will not face the question of whether it is possible to protect the lives and lives of the people as it is now with interpretation of the Constitution. I think so . ... ... It is a secretary . at the of Prime Minister is taken up in newspapers like photographs Financial Review . This time one of main papers THE ... Today I visited the mine with a special machine due to the greatness of Prime Minister In the middle of the road Prime Minister was the longest in these three days I was able to share a good mine is a joint venture company between and and has been visiting for more than 50 years since its launch . I gave a speech at the for the first time as a prime minister of . ... I attended a welcome event at the beginning of my visit to . We had a brilliant welcome dance by a group of who are indigenous people . ... Today I appreciated and . It was a brilliant and wonderful stage by star competition . also seemed to be enjoying traditional arts . My mission will not end until all the have returned to their families . ... I visited in . It was greatly damaged by the . Disaster public housing that steadily progresses construction . Project that creates living worth and work for women . rebuilt fishery processing plant . ... In any event we will protect the lives of people and peaceful lives . Based on this resolution we decided the today on the basic policy for the improvement of the new security legislation . Baker who served as ambassador for from 2001 to 2005 passed away and I went to the embassy to go to a memorial record . I worked with as former ambassador when I was deputy secretary of state . ... as the pillar of growth strategy . release people from simple tasks and provide employment opportunities in the country . In addition it changes the flow of production transfer overseas and becomes a trump card to return to . ... I attended the government and ruling and opposition parties abduction meeting . On 10th I watched a photograph of at a photo exhibition on abduction on the first member of the of of the of and heard about the appeal from the minds of the couple . ... I want to receive advanced medical care with less burden of cost . It is a hot feeling of patients who are fighting difficult diseases . ... I was pleased to present the papacy to Pope at the . He is enthusiastic about the problem of poverty and cherishes the attitude towards the weak . I also gave a message to the third anniversary of the . ... The world is now at a major crossroads of history . The leaders of the gathered in to tell the direction the world should move in unison and we talked frankly . The problem that started out in is a global issue affecting . ... The has begun . Today I discussed mainly the situation in and discussed the situation in with the leaders of . ... I arrived in to attend the . We will develop frank discussions among the leaders on what we should do for the global economy situation energy and other important issues for the world . In preparation for the meeting from tomorrow I will have a meeting with a secretary . It is 50 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations in 2016 with . In summit meeting with Prime Minister we continue to undertake bold reforms in so we called on active investment from . ... As a result of the talks held in the side told that a comprehensive full investigation of all including and missing persons who are not excluded from suspicion of abduction I made a promise . ... I visited a school after school at in . I visited the afflicted areas in Prefecture for the seventh time ... . Great talking to you . I look forward to welcoming you in and further deepening our friendly ties . I realize that the reconstruction of is entering a new stage . I was impressed by seeing everyone efforts to overcome anxiety about radiation and harmful rumors and strongly working towards reconstruction . ... We will preserve our lives and protect our peaceful lives . We had a press conference after submitting a report on on Reconstruction of the of that we participated in diplomacy and security policies and law experts . ... ... ... It is a secretary . It has been a long time since I was away from work . Prime Minister who finished eight days and nine trips outside . Today I am keeping motivation at Secretary up The last day is finally over the six countries visit . Do not be afraid of reform . We held eight summit talks and three highly appreciated and supported by each country about and pacifism . ... Headquarters in . We gave a speech at the of and gained support and approval of active pacifism from attendees . is ready to carry out what to do for the international community ... I gratefully grateful to President for the hospitality of food registered as Cultural Heritage last year . In the morning we held a summit with President President and then we walked to the ambassador residence on foot . reception introduction reception is held at the official residence . It is 400 years since a regular mission visited . His also held a summit meeting with in visited . Here the ground ends and the sea starts I visited the cape of at the westernmost end of . I hoped for the far I put my thoughts on the era that I visited from . As the Prime Minister of visit for the first time in history . The encounter between the two countries was 1543 when the drifted to . It has a history of over 470 years . We had a summit meeting with Prime Minister . In the guild hall of I gave a speech at the dinner party that gathered the investors from the economic world and the world . We will send growth strategy to the world . Regulation of clothing is black tie according to tradition . After completing the speech practice final check of clothes laugh . We held a summit with Prime Minister and agreed on strengthening cooperation in the security field of and the cooperation for the economy and the Games . I will make a speech at the guild hall today . Good morning everybody . is at at night . I am in preparation for a summit meeting with Prime Minister tomorrow . I arrived in . As a result of public opinion polls conducted in the four countries of is the most reliable country is second only to the . in . I came to a joint press conference . I attended a seminar this morning . After the welcoming ceremony thanking the ceremonial honor we held a summit meeting in the working lunch format and simultaneous interpretation while taking lunch . After that we will pay courtesy call to President and head for . I uploaded 2 pictures to album I visited arrived in the first place to visit . It is a refreshing weather . Today I got up early I got up at . 1 and went to prefecture village village . blossoms are in full bloom anywhere . We visited completed disaster municipal housing planned relocation planning of construction . ... Presents a souvenir to everyone of the and winners . two months ago the Games one month ago . Memories that gave me a lot of excitement during the memory of that time was resurrected . ... We gave President the opportunity to talk to and who are families . Even at the summit meeting I asked for continued understanding and cooperation toward resolving the abduction issue from me . President of is visiting as a state guest . Yesterday I invited President and had dinner together . While talking about drinking and drinking I talked about challenges in and the and issues in the world . ... after a long absence . It is still in a slumping position . Beautiful flowers bloomed in the apple tree of my home garden and . Today lunch is slowing while loving flowers . I am coming to with the support of the supplementary election of the of Division 2 . ... I am visiting . I enjoyed skewered roasting with skewer at a popular shop near . The taste is the best . It is a city of truly withering . We wrote a word at the seeing party held in in where double cherry trees were in full bloom today . Salary rises and spring is double cherry blossoms I will make further efforts to expand the real sense of economic recovery to everyone in the whole country . There was an interview of the magazine and after the interview we came in for taking a picture with a couple . It is finally a spring visit . Yesterday I was invited by cherry blossoms and the weather I went shopping at after a long absence . When introducing 3 consumption tax in first year Prime Minister went out to the same bought a tie of 15,000 yen and paid 450 yen for consumption tax . ... In order to meet I have to go out It is a catch phrase of Youth 18 tickets more than 20 years ago from now . ... We met with the families of the victims at the official residence . My mission will not be over until all families of victims hug their relatives with their own hands and the smiling face comes back . ... Today the nuclear security summit took place from the morning . We are holding bilateral talks by sewing between them . Yesterday we met with Prime Minister of President of President of and Prime Minister . ... I am attending the nuclear security summit . 53 countries attended many Presidents including President gathered in The the . We will actively contribute to countermeasures against nuclear terrorism as the only countries and developed countries of nuclear power . In the morning we held talks with the Secretary General President and and Prime Minister and . The nuclear security summit begins in the afternoon . From the evening I will discuss the situation in with . ... in the snow the green is finally over I did not bask in any snowflakes the appearance of lush pine trees . In the face of any difficulty it is a word that praises those who confront strong beliefs . ... I posted a new photo on ... It getting warmer . ... It is a secretary . My friends friends are friends spread to the world circle of friends Today I slowly watched the materials read the novels and so forth taking advantage of it for the first time in a long time . It is the official residence in the morning . When we got invited by good weather and got out into the garden the ginkgo bark of the leading runner of spring flowering began to bloom . ... March 11th will be the third time since the . I think that the sadness of everyone who lost their families and close friends will not heal . I regret again . ... I have read the first volume . I am looking forward to the story of the medieval world where various powers intertwine the bottom volume . The home country of fairy tale writer . I met with Prime Minister Toning . ... The Gulf countries are very important areas for that depend on energy resources abroad . Today I met . ... To attack should be aggressive defend what you should protect Towards a ministerial meeting in from tomorrow we held a major ministerial conference on at the official residence . It is a very tough negotiation where national interests and national interests collide but we will pursue the best way to meet national interests . ... Today we held a conference of heavy snow emergency disaster countermeasures headquarters . We will do our utmost to accelerate elimination of isolated state and regain daily life as soon as possible . ... Founding Day of the Founding Memorial Day is a national holiday that was established by law according to the purpose of Reborn the and cultivate the heart to love the country . ... I attended a ceremony on the day of the and immediately left for . I will attend the opening ceremony of the Games . players will also be encouraged . And the fifth summit with President . I will do my best to ensure that the results are solid . I attended the epic meeting . All the athletes who have overcome many trials with a strong will and effort . I always get the courage from your brightness . ... Today is . Believing in the virtuous circle realization of the economy . ... It is a secretary . Governor Election candidate for support presides over the street speech The date and time are 2 Sun 2 00 The Day ceremony will begin . A camel troop is passing in front of me now . Uploaded 2 photos to album The relationship between and is the bilateral relationship that has the most potential in the world . It is the first time in seven years to visit as Prime Minister and I will meet Prime Minister for the first time in 8 months . Both and Prime Minister could do dense discussions . Arrived in . Painting the president . It is a summit talk with Prime Minister . Beyond the ocean far major league . and who played a big success last season both pitchers . I think that my efforts in an environment different from is extraordinary . From now on I would like the world to play an active role on the stage . I attended the winter grand prize party . People are impressed and courageous as they fight hard for the players . With best performance I want you to make your dreams come true . I want to be healthy with the power of sports . ... I gave a greetings from the beginning of the 81st . The battle to regain will continue . The 81st ... I am visiting the southern country of . We are aiming for dramatic growth by making full use of rich natural resources . companies and others from accompanied us and held investment seminars . ... Visit female vocational training institution in . Sewing and knitting made by training vivid coloring like is wonderful . I got energies from the smiles of the students . where women shine . We will continue to provide support for that realization . I reached the of . It is a country where fights at the first match of the World Cup . I promised each other good fight and exchanged uniforms with President . The first visiting country . I visited for the first time in 24 years as the prime minister . Holds the through which 40 of crude oil traded worldwide passes Geographically important country . I am deeply moved by the enthusiastic hospitality from . ... Year I chose and as my first foreign visit . is a new frontier of diplomacy . The is a very important area for security . This year we will also promote strategic diplomacy from the perspective of overlooking the globe . ... People have encounters and parting . It was when I was the secretary general that I met my . At that time I promised to come into a hot spring together someday and that was realized after I quit my job as Prime Minister . ... I visited today today . It was a tightening of my body in the fresh and dignified air of the shrine . I wish for peace and prosperity of and prayed for the health of and and of family from the bottom of my heart . For the first time as prime minister we are having a new spring in local . After all the Year at the home is exceptional . At the beginning of the year I was able to get in touch with the smiles of the local people and it is 100 times bigger . ... Year to you all . I have been visiting the now . We pray that this year will be a wonderful year for you . I will do my best for the family this year . This year it is over today . The big meeting I attended yesterday was the highest this year . Next year we will also shoot three arrows . Everyone have a good year . ... ... It a secretary . 20 Agree 60 opposite 15 Thirties or more Agree 59 opposite 22 ... For the spirit who was sacrificed for the precious life for I expressed pride and prayed for the soul and spirit of the . At the same time I worshiped the insurgent company who memorized the people in and foreign countries who died in war and not enshrined in . ... Reduction of burden on the base of and further promotion . In response to a request from the governor I directly talked about the way of thinking as a government . I will accept the thought of the whole of prefecture as a whole continue to unite as a government I will do all I can . A with became a book . ... ... It is a secretary to see eternal 0 from now . Well today I will introduce appearance . Today broadcast 22 Sun Afternoon couple document and fall of power ... purchased on the basis that Eternity 0 and are reputable . To withdraw from deflation and regain a strong economy he said in the Diet that If you are caught by a bunker you should take the right policy measures to have a sand wedge and held a sand wedge . As a result the tax revenue for next fiscal year is 50 trillion yen . ... One year has passed since the general election of last year the fight to regain today . We would like to thank you all for your continued support . A year after the custody of everyone I have seen a bright sign of recovery in . ... Special Meeting was held under a fine weather that clearly turned clear . ... On 14th Special Meeting began talks with leaders of countries from today . ... Since my yesterday press conference was uploaded to I will introduce it . I will also explain the Secret Protection and then I will answer questions and answers from reporters . ... In a party debate yesterday I introduced the remark of official . ... The which will be the new command tower of our foreign policy and security policy was launched today . While the security environment surrounding is becoming increasingly severe it is essential for securing the safety of the citizens . ... will celebrate the third severe winter . A family who moved into a new residence . A police officer who keeps public order and keeps public order . Faculty members and local people working on disaster prevention activities . I realized the surest progress of reconstruction through the hard work of everyone in the area . ... There are no borders for disaster relief . activities in the through cooperation between the and the military . Transport of relief supplies by which flew away from . ... The law for protecting the safety of the citizens has greatly advanced . Today the law establishes the . The specific secret protection bill also passed the of yesterday and it was deliberated at the from today . ... Local volunteers support the safety and security of the area fire brigade . Once a disaster occurs it cuts off the front line and rushes to the site and extinguishes and rescues without looking at danger . I truly honor the firefighters . ... Tomorrow 22 Good married couple day . happiness surrenders to his wife . This is the secret of our couple dissatisfaction . Only with the support of the family both men and women can do a good job . Energetic in from a healthy home . It is the base to regain strong . Ambassador gathers great expectations of both the and . Today I invited you to lunch at my official residence . Lawyers writers educators mothers and ambassadors . ... as a where country development has been promoted with the word learn from modernization of as a word . The country where dispatched the for the first time . And the director of s football national team under 23 is coach of of former . ... Do you know that cooperation halved infant mortality in ... About twenty years ago we dispatched and civilian police officers to which is confused by the civil war for the first time to peacekeeping operations . ... I will go to and using and . ... One year passed since that party discussion with Prime Minister today . Some friends say It looks like it will be in a flash but it was a long and tough year for me . ... I decided to dispatch personnel in the with a maximum of 1,000 people in the past . We are carrying out support quickly to save people in the from the massive typhoon damage . Original document of the and the Constitution of a declaration of the end of war . I visited the for the first time yesterday and I saw a lot of precious and historical documents . When sorted documents are arranged it is 58 km . The signature of all the cabinet members at the time in the . I realized again the weight of public documents . ... damaged by the fierce typhoon that hit the Immediately yesterday following introducing the investigation team to the site today we dispatched 25 medical teams to the field as an international emergency relief team . ... Today the decided to adopt the terrestrial digital broadcasting system . This is what I was working with President at the and summit meeting . Very happy news . ... Connect the sea which separates and by a transit subway . At last the realization of this dream difficult business came true . ... Two cases that connect the hearts of and . Today I was able to face a deep emotion with the stakeholders and descendants . ... Journey to keep promises . Although it is unusual we visited for the second time in six months . When the 2020 Games were decided in Prime Minister who was in kept his promise and ran to me first and blessed me . Next time I promised ... After attending the watching ceremony I visited the disaster area of . ... There is only advance letter was closed with such a powerful word . I sent your letter to strongly support my idea of creating a society where women shine . ... It was a long time for all of you . ... It is a secretary . Today s supper is a dinner while being interviewed at a restaurant . Interviewer was familiar with a story talked about and food is also coming human ... everyone was outrageous ... ... It is a secretary . Today s dinner is dinner while receiving an interview at the restaurant . The interviewer is familiar with which is familiar to me I am talking and also eating I am human ... I am a little noisy for persimmons . brought persimmon earlier . After the question of the budget committee all day my heart got well . At the end of the summit on the way to the airport I interrupted the traditional water house in . Extraordinary Diet from next week . Moreover it is full power throwing . I came to from . It is a visit of the eighth country among 10 countries . is an important partner who shares basic values as freedom the rule of law . We will invite the leaders of the countries to in . ... This morning I met with a representative of a friend of with the former deputy vice president . We thank people for their support during the and talked about deepening the relationship between and relations . If there is a good proposal I will try first from the possible place . It is a spirit that is not premise is free challenge is important . That is the spirit . summit meeting began in from today . ... This week I will fly from to and . and in where the highest peaks of science and technology gather from all over the world . And the summit meeting in . Finally the in . ... I do not want to have seven years yet I want to steadily prepare with the feeling that I have only seven years already. Today we set up a promotion room to prepare for the 2020 and . ... Today was an epoch making day in the history of the Alliance . For the first time in history both the Secretary of and Secretary of in have opened a 2 2 Ministerial Meeting with the Foreign Minister and the Defense Minister in . ... I participated in the in . I was deeply impressed that I was able to attend the rigorous ritual once in 20 years . I prayed for the peace and prosperity of the people of the state while thinking of the predecessors who have spent thousands of hundred years as a milestone in 20 years . If tax increases consumption will decline and the economy will return to the deep valley of deflation and the economic downturn . I thought through until the very end . ... It is quite an unusual thing but yesterday my home in We met with President in a relaxed atmosphere . is an important partner of the region that shares values as freedom and democracy . ... After a series of official duties I tried walking around the city of a long time ago before leaving . pacifism where women shine Resurgence of the economy . It was a meaningful business trip that I could transmit to the world the direction the government wants . Buy my in which drives the world economy . At the center of the in front of investors I appealed resurgence and promising potential . ... The first country in the world the country that canceled import restrictions on food made in . It became a useful signal to appeal the safety of food to the international community . ... After visiting I will go to . In the speech at the of the the etc. I will appeal to the full potential of presence in the international community the revival of the economy and the way of positive pacifism . is my birthday . Princess no . Reporters received a birthday gift . No matter how many you are I am glad . I went to . In the harshest environment witness the people at work sites clenching their teeth the country stands in front as the chief responsible person protect the health of the people . I made a new decision . ... Today I will be entering the nuclear power plant from now on . The country is on the front . As the chief executive officer of the country we will make every effort to protect the health of the people and the open ocean by looking at the site firmly with this eye . Typhoon 18 caused serious damage to the archipelago . ... A couple of Beyond the days There are now now ... ... It is a secretary . ... I went to eat a hamburger today . It was very delicious ... As the Commander of the Force we taught executives gathered from all over the country . 8 months since inauguration . I have witnessed a reliable stamp of the personnel who are very active in the country and in the world . ... It is my speech movie for the Games bidding in . It is my whole speech with my thoughtfulness . It is . I am sorry early in the morning . It is a quick news from . Just a while ago was selected to host the 2020 I really happy . I would like to share this joy of pleasure with you . ... ... ... It is a secretary . Games decided to be held in 2020 Well the night in will come . night Secretary up From St. in to the place of the 2020 battle decisive battle to in . ... Revitalization of the economy leads to the growth of the world economy and that is the greatest contribution of our country . ... will start from today . The situation will also be the subject of the world economy . We will also hold summit meetings such as the and and . ... to be held in . We had a deliberate meeting with Deputy Prime Minister on the go ahead government machine . We will tell the major countries of the world the policies and policies of the administration . A forced army to go round the earth in 2 days and 6 days . From today I will head to where leaders from all over the world gather . to where you decide to win or lose the and bid . I will do my best to the end so as to win invitation . Disaster drills today . I would like to save as many lives as a valuable lesson from the . Based on its strong determination all Ministers gathered at the official residence from the morning assuming the Trough big earthquake occurred . ... ... ... It is a secretary . Prime minister opened for foreigners inaugural today It is staying for the first time at the prime minister residence the secretary will return . I am also worried about the approaching typhoon but in August it will be the end of tomorrow so please spend a good weekend everyone to be careful about heat stroke and physical condition management . Secretary up I was impressed by manners and order waiting in line orderly for more than an hour at when I visited before . This is the background that the last visiting country chief of had a strong interest in style education . ... 12 thousand kilometers from . In who was far away from the conflict we encouraged officers and maritime sheriffs who are in charge of coping with piracy . It is the people who are defending the maritime transport route which is the life line of our country . It depends on the world . ... It is a gratitude for support since the Gulf War . Thank you for the support that has offered at that time the people of will not forget beyond generations ... We are visiting . It will be my first visit as Prime Minister . The financial center in the and the headquarters of the Fleet are the important countries . ... From today we will visit and as our second visit to the . We do top selling such as agricultural products and medical technology as well as energy related . ... I posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on Today a member of the of brought us grapes caught in . Of course I knew that various agricultural activities were done in but I did not know that such a magnificent grape can be done in . ... At the end of the war anniversary we worshiped the war dead tombs of and we took a ceremony to memorialize the people of the war dead . Today I am thinking of how to come quietly hang my head mourn the pray for peace . ... As yesterday I first went to the tomb of my father in as a prime minister and reported the result of the upper house election . And today I visited the of of for a long time and pledged to go with a sincere sincerity for the sake of the nation . ... We visited one of the best rice terraces in located in . 210 paddy fields form a step it is a breathtaking scenery beauty . ... Today for the first time after my inauguration as Prime Minister I am returning home to . While visiting a beautiful terraced paddy field I visited plantation . ... Following this I attended the . Even once and twice we licked the painfully exposed radiation we endured suffering and sorrow rebuilt our country and revived as a beautiful city . Today is the son of those who were sacrificed ... a writer who continues to advance as the author of 0 which is made into a film this year and man called pirate who won the 2013 bookstore grand prize Last night we had a talk with Ms. on the planning of the magazine . ... In the morning before 68 years the atomic bomb has been dropped to . Offering condolence to those who were sacrificed I have sincerely expressed my condolences to everyone who suffers from the aftereffects of radiation exposure . ... I will attend a peace memorial ceremony in tomorrow and on 9th . And on August 15th I will attend the War dead memorial ceremony . ... We visited the affected areas of who was suffering from heavy rain disaster and heard the voice of local people directly . We pray for the souls of deceased people once again and I express my sincere condolences to the affected people . ... We challenged last fight to regain . I returned to the administration and got a victory in the upper house election this time to eliminate and end the political chaos . But this is not a goal . It is a new start . ... We would like to express our sincere condolences to everyone in Prefecture and Prefecture which were damaged by the torrential rain last day . We pray from the bottom of your heart for the victims who have died . ... It is the eighth visit to the disaster area once a month today . This month I visited prefecture after returning from business trip . ... The last visiting country this time is the . The Prime Minister official visit to the for the first time since six years and a half since the first administration . My first visit to the as Prime Minister of was my grandfather . I feel a magical edge . ... After I visited . It is the official visit for eleventh year as the prime minister of . At that time I was deputy chief cabinet secretary . It is a country that has taken the policy of learning from for thirty years ago called . In now it is the safest and rich country that is most popular as a second home after retirement . ... After the election I will go to the first foreign visit . . After taking office as prime minister we will be visiting for the third time in . ... who decided to win in the constituency came to the greetings of the winner immediately . With your support we were able to win two seats in the constituency . For in preparation for the fight that will start newly from tomorrow I would like to have a good rest now . Through the upper house election 17 days I felt great public expectations of the people . We will take all our voices of saying go ahead without blurting this road firmly and will continue to make every effort in the future so that we can fulfill our responsibilities firmly . Through the upper house election 17 days I felt great public expectations of the people . We will take all our voices of saying go ahead without blurting this road firmly and will continue to make every effort in the future so that we can fulfill our responsibilities firmly . ... It is a secretary . During the election I will come across with various real surprises ... . A miraculous surprise happened at the public speech today on the last day . When got on the stage the race ... . ... ... It is a secretary . morning ladies and gentlemen . campaign is the last day today . listen to the last appeal of the candidate who has been fighting with full power all over the country by all means . ... Good morning ladies and gentlemen . ... It is a secretary . It was another two days to leave a long election campaign . I think that my secretary will do my best until the end of the last . ... See you in . Last year president election The power of everyone who gathered in on 20th changed the . And The fight to regain general election of the of and belief of everyone who gathered in on 15 changed . ... morning ladies and gentlemen . ... It is a secretary . 4 days left including the day after the election of the of election day . I want to fly around the country and tell feelings to as many people as possible . With that feeling I will leave well today . ... I posted a new photo on ... It is a secretary . I returned from . to regain . A hot battle is spreading throughout the country . president . The final street speech meeting venue has been decided notice hope for spreading share ... Good morning . ... It is a secretary of . On the second day of Prefecture today president runs the town of and a remote island . Everyone at and please come and join the Street Headquarters . 17 water 11 00 ... I posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on vitality condenses the market main street arcade shopping street I walked with . ... Today after attending a cabinet meeting in the morning at the official residence I jumped to in a fierce battle zone and are doing my utmost to support candidate . ... ... I forgot . It is a secretary . This morning has also voted absentee . I will travel with my family from this weekend I think that there are many people who say . try using absentee vote before the due date . ... morning ladies and gentlemen . It is a secretary . I think that many people say that the holidays are over and I am going to work from today work hard after lightly stretching etc Well today tomorrow and will go to Prefecture . ... After finishing the street speech meeting in prefecture we have been to prefecture whose name was raised in of world cultural heritage . ... I came to the beautiful of shrine shining brightly . Prefecture is the 35th consecutive year in a row the shipment value of manufactured goods is best . It is precisely the Manufacturing prefecture symbolizing . ... This year the palace which concludes the annual shrine of the Year of the Year every 20 years was done and we have been to prefecture where not only tourists from overseas but also domestic travelers are boiling . Prefecture is famous for beef and shrimp a country of beauty . ... ... It is also a secretary . Thank you very much for visiting various places throughout the country and having a lot of encouragement from us all . Your encouragement gives President power ... ... It is a secretary . Today day of the sea consecutive holidays also ended the last day . However hot election warfare in various parts of the country still continues . president today on 15 is the start from Prefecture . ... Posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on I left Prefecture I crossed the mountain of cedar which is counted in the three major forests I have been to prefecture . ... Posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on This morning as introduced me the sent confidently to the prefecture constituency candidate I have been to prefecture to support . ... A summer scene in prefecture where more than 3 million visitors come every year in the held in . It is one of the prefectures that has great potential as a sightseeing spot also as agriculture and fishery prefecture . ... people I will leave from now . I am really looking forward to seeing you all in the afternoon . I would like to tell everyone about my thoughts by caring my opinions and encouragement by everyone gave me . Everyone good evening . It is a secretary in front of good night . Occasionally I thought that evening is good . The of election vote remains for a week . will continue running nationwide tomorrow Tomorrow 14 ... ... The last thing I visited today is the brand kingdom Prefecture of global agricultural and livestock products such as and beef . It is also one of the best rice cultivation areas in with and the of rice is also good . ... After cheering on . Date in we came to the place of Prefecture City . ... What is running here from the constituency is who is the leader of the of the . He is a politician with abundant experience and achievements that served as a parliamentary secretary for the of Infrastructure Transport and and acting as secretary general of the . ... Today I will fly to and go to after having played in . After that I will go to . is in a moving car rice ball . rice and . It was a fleeting enjoyment . It is a staple of the election campaign . Good morning everyone . ... It is a secretary . How about the morning of the first day of three consecutive holidays I think that many people are going out now but please be careful of heat stroke . ... It was Prefecture that I gave a street speech at the end of today . It is a hot spring prefecture represented by and and the field which began to swell is also an agricultural prefecture where you can see vivid green . ... Our candidate from the prefecture to the of election is Deputy Minister of . I am challenged with the aim of winning the third term I am prepared to bet on revitalization of . is a manpower who served as President of the 48th generation of the . ... Posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on this potato craft that is also designated for traditional crafts of the country such as is here from Prefecture The election of the of election The youngest candidate candidate stood up on a catch phrase to the local community swearing to the local community ... now I am heading to . The election also enters the second half battle . Please support me to the end . Posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on Today campaign where the sun is particularly strong is the sea province It is a start from prefecture . ... morning everyone ... It is a secretary . I cut off ten days until the of election voting day . I want to deliver feelings to as many people as possible With that intention will continue standing on the street . ... Posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on wants to do work that this can proceed in the right direction . who is challenging the from the constituency was a gentle eye as usual but he was appealing to a large number of people who came to the globally . ... under the scorching sun To everyone in the audience of over 5000 people Now is the time to spend all I done for the national citizen and for the citizen to take a life I strongly declared that the main pillar candidate . ... Posted a new photo on We posted a new photo to We posted brand of 24 items such as across the country and products have succeeded I was standing in the streets of Prefecture . ... Good morning everyone ... It is a secretary . On the eleventh day of the election Today president is Prefecture Prefecture Prefecture . We will go around . join us at the Street Headquarters by all means living near you . 10 30 front ... I posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on who is a candidate from the prefecture constituency as a career bureaucrat of of Finance He gained experience got a public policy at the of gained the qualification of a certified and then worked as a visiting researcher at as a researcher . ... Posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on Take back asked you With hot cheers by hot people and a lot of flags fluttering I gave a street speech in city prefecture . ... I posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on election On the 7th day is the start from fresh seafood province prefecture represented by rich water and firefly squid . A candidate for our party aiming for making people who have a root in their hometowns is . ... Good morning ... It is a secretary . Today president goes around three districts . We are happy if you can bring your feet by all the people near you be careful with heat stroke . 10 50 prefecture ... I posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on Truly small country is trying to reach the flowering season It is the beginning of at the top of a slope . I think that there are many people who are familiar with dramas but Prefecture which is also the stage of the novel went to . ... ... It is Secretary . was delicious in gun prefecture with wild vegetable dishes and held in the sky rice collected in the sky township . Secretary up This morning after finishing the meeting in I came to the prefecture for a campaign . ... ... ... It is a secretary . Today president goes around prefecture city prefecture city . check the street schedule on the special site . Special Site ... I also feel encouraged by my father Do not get out of it do it firmly Thank you very much . There is a famous story in that There is a special town mayor in in prefecture . ... Prefecture has the famous for the science to transmit knowledge and the output of food is the second largest agricultural prefecture nationwide after . has the potential . A candidate who is challenging from the prefecture constituency is the ace . ... Posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on of prefecture constituency Our other party has made another candidate for significant talent . It was new member of the who has served Mayor as a third term who had been raising the flames with a loud voice at a sunny station square . ... From the prefecture constituency our party has made another candidate with significant talent . It was new member of the who has served Mayor as a third term who had been raising the flames with a loud voice at a sunny station square . ... Let start here for tomorrow instead of now From And from this place Prefecture ... Good morning ladies and gentlemen . Thank you very much for your continuous encouragement during the hot weather . Today we will visit prefecture prefecture prefecture prefecture prefecture . ... People are castle guards people mouth touch is an enemy ally public opinion that people are the foundations of the country . prefecture candidate appealed for this adage originating in Prefecture that had been until the end . ... This morning after finishing party leaders debate held at I came to no Prefecture here . ... I like this better than anyone I like And in the prefecture constituency was bumped with a voice with a soul to over 5,000 audiences gathered at the street of . is a veteran member who served as a member of the of for the sixth term . ... Saying said and . When searching for his name on the various nicknames come out . ... ... It is a secretary . I am driving from prefecture to prefecture by car . wait for a while now for enjoying this video support until the arrival of everyone in . Thank you who created the animation thank you . As you established the educational revitalization executive meeting in the cabinet there is educational revival at the center of the issue which has today . The candidate of the prefecture constituency section branch is a dignified youth of 36 years old suing revitalization of ... I left and came to Prefecture . It is who is challenging the upper house from the constituency . ... I came to the morning of the third day of the election campaign . It is currently . Today we will visit prefecture prefecture prefecture prefecture . Everyone near you please continue to support us . In Prefecture there are governors who have finely rebuilt their fiscal finances and built the first library in I was listening to the talk from Deputy Secretary of the prefecture constituency but I actually realized that I went to a street speech meeting . ... series moved from prefecture to prefecture and we got delicious for lunch . province noodles good chewy but delicious was talking with a candidate for the district ... ... ... a secretary . From ken to prefecture came . Of course lunch is . To the question is it delicious ... I came to the morning of the second day of the election campaign . Today we are starting from the city of Prefecture . Here in Prefecture there is a man who looks good with a cheerful smile . who is challenging the of election from the prefecture constituency . ... who attracted his attention with remarks This fool Is the way out . Thereafter this remark is correct as it is now proved by the stray of the and former Prime Minister . ... a street speech meeting in . Everyone who listened to our speech for a long time thank you very much . who is running from the constituency served as the main caster of Morning Show once ... Posted a new photo to Posted a new photo to Secretary is . I am moving to the street speech meeting place station east exit after finishing a street speech at and city prefecture . ... Good morning ladies and gentlemen . It is . At last the fight to regain also started . This unbeatable fight I started with from Prefecture . ... Actual election campaign starting from today . It is one scene in rainbow before the party leader debate sponsored by the press club . It happened to be in the camera together with who happened to be next . The battle to regain finally begins . It is a secretary . A new CM for the has been created Its name is As in CM steadily advances step by step . see everyone ... We recorded political broadcasts on today . Director is the director . ... I remember ten years ago that I interviewed Prime Minister as a listener . I felt the flow of time . I visited the afflicted areas in Prefecture City Town and . In the cultivation of rice started and the farmers feelings became brighter . concern is ramification damage . ... Today at the meeting the schedule of the of election has been officially decided . The picture is a piece with a member of the of Councilors who is supporting the administration as a man of belief and an intellectual school of . ... Everyone ... ... It is a secretary Take back Prior to the of election discussion debate It is a decision to hold with And it is tomorrow . 28th from 19 30 to 21 00 in ... aim for twist elimination I will do my best . ... It is a secretary . ... It is an emergency announcement . VS Tomorrow 26 Wed 20 00 Prime Minister decision is to s descent stream . Prime Minister Office I attended a memorial ceremony of the war dead . ... Today is the last day of the city assembly elections . Thank you for visiting the street speech for many people . I would like many of you to vote for tomorrow . Good morning . ... ... It is a secretary . ... Also comes to where the secretary lives It is Governor street speech meeting venue today . President 10 30 front 12 30 ... In the heads of the countries listened to economic fiscal policy but today in the rain falling down everyone in the audience of many staffs He listened diligently to my appeal that I have no choice but to do it Thank you very much . is hot today as well Now I would like to appeal to everyone What is the thing you want to tell directly to everyone in raw voice What come and visit us nearby . President is also a street speech entrance today 21 Gold presides over ... ... ... It is a secretary . Street Headquarters in . Unfortunately it was raining bad under the feet and thank you very much for all of you gathered . I was waiting to see Thank you for your warm voice . ... ... It is a secretary . I thought that I was in a while ago ... It is tough . Notice presides at town Today 20 18 00 street speech meeting front ... the home of the world finance the city of . In that venerable guild hall I took the honor to give a lecture . In a majestic building the former Prime Minister and the best audience . Here I talked about my economic policy and thoughts . I was deeply moved by the very positive reaction . ... ... ... It is a secretary . I read the Extraordinary pardon of posted by Today morning edition . ... Truly . Do not derail the story and do not overlook story I feel a strong message with . ... The summit that I attended for the first time in six years has ended . Initially arrived at I came across chance with Prime Minister who picked up President arriving at the next lodge and pledged mutual success with each other . Even at the ... I heading for to the first session of the . We talked to the summit . Including golf consultation as well . In the same session The World Economy is the theme . ... This is our camp . I hope for the summit talks from now on . I arrived at . The helicopter did not fly because of rain from and it took two hours to arrive at . I hope for the first summit in 6 years . I arrived in last night and it is the summit talks from now . And I hope for summit meeting . After that we planned talks with and separately . It is a pretty tight schedule . ... that grandfather restored diplomatic relations . As secretary of Foreign Minister Father I have visited about thirty years ago . The restaurant is 9 times in the past seven years . martial arts such as karate and are also very popular . ... I am going to the summit to be held in in . In addition etc will also visit . ... Another thing before going to bed . Today I planned to head to the Headquarters City but because of my official duties I could not ask and served my substitute hit . ... Today is my mother 85th birthday . It is a group of all members . The place is Ancient in who also participated in the event held at the Prime Minister official residence the other day . It was very delicious . My mother is 85 years old this year but I am preoccupied with the upper house election . New Poster Completed . The battle begins at last . Their spirit comes in . It is a secretary . Because I was healed by something I will share it . in Secretary up Hereinafter comment by Prime general hard work ... ... It is a secretary . Because I was healed by something I will share it . in Secretary up In the column of the former spokesman talks about the administration foreign policy . Reading this interview I remembered the incident in the Chief Cabinet Secretariat eleven years ago . Whether to return five abduction victims as requested by . ... The gross domestic product for the quarter released by the Office on 10 was revised to plus 4.1 from the preliminary report value of 3.5 announced in May . Last year the government was minus 3.6 . ... I was deeply moved to for having so many people gathered . The left wing people were coming in the audience hated with and and got in the speech disturbing hard but everyone got fired up and it got excited . Thank you . Former person ... Appeared in debate since a long absence from 9 o'clock this morning . After attending the ceremony of the 120th anniversary of the Association it entered the second day of the city street series series . and turn around The final will be closed from with a speech in front of . If you have time please come . Starting from we will start playing for you today . is eagle . Members of the of and our boastful cuts sand and pork cutlets vegetables and meat sauce is going to be on going . will start up The street speech 1 8 12 30 store front 13 00 13 40 Ward ... The theme of the third growth strategy is explosion of private vitality . We talked about promoting regulatory reform and boldly opening our business . national football team is the first in the world cup . I stand on the cypress stage in the world . also has to leap in the center of the world again . ... The fifth Development Conference 5 closed the curtain yesterday . We met with 47 leaders and international organizations leaders and realized that expectations and trust are high . ... The held three days in finished safely . We had 47 individual meetings but I learned a lot . ... The chaired by me began in from today . I stayed at yesterday from yesterday and I am seeing the leaders from various countries . ... With bold economic reforms Prime Minister came to which revived spectacularly . ... Today a worship ceremony took place at the war dead cemetery including Former area The bone that returned home was paid . ... Today we moved from to the capital city and held a summit with President . ... I came to which was the stage of of . After dedication to the cemetery and thoughtfulness we went to the elementary school of the village we gathered and donated with volunteer parliamentarians . I was convinced that everyone was truly honest bright and growing country . ... I am going to go to from now . My grandfather and my father visited . It is the first time in 36 years as prime minister . I would like to support the reform and promoted by by public and private . IS IT IS IT A NO ... . IT magazine weekly magazine organized my feature articles . The cover is as you can see . ... you can do it if you try From the waiting child nationwide worst one in only three years I went to visit a nursery in which realized zero waiting children . ... medical care saves human life and life it also becomes an engine of economic growth . Today I gave a speech on 2nd bulletin . Prolonged deflation and loss of . It is my job to unleash from this spell . That keyword is winning in the world household incurs . ... I came on May 15th of my father death this year . It seems like I had been running for a long time since my father death anniversary last year . It is now thought that what my father was trying to fulfill as a politician and finally the hardship for that has been known . ... If succeeds in shooting the I would like to celebrate the world first celebration but if succeeds in shooting the Prime Minister the best in the world I would like to celebrate first speaks . ... It was a meeting of the archery club tonight . It is a fun companion . Yesterday passed a resolution to dismiss the of the . This response by the opposition party including the of is criticized as giving priority to politics rather than national interest . ... It is one scene of the start ball ceremony of today . I also served as a referee while being nervous but I was excited more than that I wonder if really hits the ball of the beginning ball type provided company True but superstar is different . appeared and the air changed . gave a bouquet of flowers to the moment I spoke with holding my shoulders I came . It was a famous scene that remains in professional baseball history . Continued What is finding at the pharmacy that he dropped by ... of child dog . black and white Noel is lost in village from 28th . ... ... ... It is a secretary . After returning home from trip took prefecture to take a rest for a while . When the couple is shopping at the pharmacy all together ... ... Ah found something Continued on next time Secretary up is said to be one of the most friendly nations . I visited at the end of this visit to each country . ... Arrived in from in the Emirates I took a scenery outside from the lodging . The is flapping . Following I have been to the first visiting country in the . The essence of is the spirit of symbiosis and tolerance . is a country with a mind of harmony and tolerance . I am convinced that it is a relationship to understand many things . ... Posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on This is a secretary . Today summit meeting Please support us all . Secretarial share I posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on ... Good evening . ... It is a secretary . At the of today held by the of member said that families are disappointed about ministerial visits to relations worsened . ... Prime Minister Speech I posted a new photo to I still have a lot of remains on the land of . I will do my best to return as soon as possible . Posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on Last weekend Prime Minister visited Prefecture to inspect the current state of reconstruction . I will introduce the situation with a movie . Secretary up I posted a new photo on I sorry I can not tell . Those who are near you will be glad if you can come . We will return to Prefecture on the 21st to support the upper house election . Because all the members of the prefecture elected will come together please come with someone who has time . The summit meeting with a friendly nation like will not be reported by so I will inform you on I look forward to Ms. . Posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on Blooming in . in the middle of . is in full bloom . in the middle of the world . ... Posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on Post a new photo on I posted a new photograph on It has been two years since the . To everyone in the disaster area to everyone in the whole country this is a message from Prime Minister . Secretarial up I posted a new photo on The day when is possible is near Secretarial up I posted a new photo on 8340707 ... I posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on ... It is a secretary . What it looks like No Black Thunder melted it seems to be melting ... ... This morning I have been jogging for a long time . As usual it is a course that departs from the house makes three rounds at and returns home . What is different from usual is that several are together . ... Interview with of the posted in the newspaper yesterday it was an interview to actually read . ... I posted a new photo on I was surprised to read the article on Female herself 12th which posted a new photo on . titled prime minister residence kitchen refurbishment fee tax of 10 million yen . To summarize the article ... This is a vivid signature bat from a giant who came to the official residency the other day . I would like to fly home runs by policy like one like . ... It is a bat with a vivid signature received from the giant player who came to the official residence the other day . I would like to fly home runs by policy like one like . ... Posted a new photo on Posted a new photo on After having appeared in the morning debate I went to the . Because I am close to home I am visiting each year . Last year it was a hundred years after the death of the era . I posted a new photo on I posted a new photo photo to I was inaugurated as Prime Minister of the 96th day on 26th yesterday . I named this cabinet a crisis breakthrough cabinet . The current crisis situation in our country . ... I posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on It is a secretary . From today until 19 30 Special How to ask the new government Will be . is scheduled to appear from our but other performers are amazing ... I attended today . I have been indebted to for a long time since I first ran for the of . ... I posted a new photo on I posted a new photo on I am expecting return to the state administration Did you see yesterday Discussion Meeting I was encouraged by everyone writing in the sideways eye . I really thankful to you . ... It is a secretary Suddenly today after 30 minutes morning 10 00 broadcast Press station He will appoint president . please have a look . Secretary up Prime Minister told reporters on today that the of is calling for party leaders debate before the election notice of the of today told reporters that I can do anytime anywhere . ... I will head to from now . Let meet at everyone at . It is a secretary . About a series of at Morning Break The other day morning spa I introduced the apology sentence on the homepage but ... ... It is a secretary . Today I attended the meeting of the which was held at 18 00 headquarters . The hall is amazing ... ... It is a secretary . One answer came out from the side for problem broadcasting at Morning Morning Spring was uploaded at the other day . Regarding my economic fiscal policy and monetary policy for defeating deflation Prime Minister says something like a doll managed by a ventriloquist who is called the of . ... Yesterday passed away . I can not believe that I can not hear voice yet . ... Today passed away . Yesterday morning when came to discussion with the party leader I got a phone call and just talked . ... This evening a joint study session of of My Youth Club in Prefecture and of of Member of the of was held and I also attended . ... This evening a joint study session of of My Youth Club in Prefecture and of of Member of the of was held and I also attended . ... In the meantime for the idea of what is medieval as a politician on an application form arrived with content certification mail from a member of . ... Minister of and revoked the of the establishment of the three universities . Minister unauthorized construction of the three universities is an idea it can be said that it is typical of capricious administration . ... acting as assistant secretary Prime Minister chairman all began to assert that the aims at the middle stage . Meanwhile Prime Minister aim is to be moderate . ... Tomorrow 5 around am TBS morning spa We will cast live to . ... Professor who was awarded the Prize to the Headquarters held at the headquarters from 13 o'clock today as a lecturer . ... Thanks to the . It is our pride . announcement 26 Gold 20 45 live broadcast LIVE one step changes morning tomorrow Today I went to prefecture to support the governor . By the way though the story will change ... I went home for the first time as president yesterday . I visited the government greeted the governor and the assembly and then held a press conference . ... ... It is a secretary . It is an announcement . On 8 Prefecture is participating in a meeting to be held in on of physical education . come and join us by all means . Secretarial up Under the leadership of president a new battle to regain will begin . To brighter new morning Continue to ask for assistance . President election secretary group From here after president election 2012 new president new press conference live broadcast broadcast President secretary secretary group up president election preliminary bulletin was elected president of by assistance of everyone presidential election final result vote result 108 votes candidate 89 votes President secretary secretary up president selection President Secretary s up presidential election to the special site Jun . Last updated from the street has been uploaded . President election secretary team up animation calling up street head speech incandescent who stops his feet in spite of himself President secretary secretary up 26th 13 00 president electoral vote cast headquarters 8th floor hall We will relay on live broadcast on the net President secretary secretary up I will correct it and I will reprint it . President secretary secretary shrine is 25th street speech meeting President election secretary team up and the street speech We will mute the sound . A speech is about to begin in another 10 minutes . President secretary secretary team up live at 17 o'clock the president elected president street speech to be held at station west exit will be broadcast live on . secretary team up live at special site on 09.25 to the of everyone who heard street heading addressed is the most recent people opinion Governor s Secretary Up Today at 5 o'clock the presidential street speech meeting station west entrance speech live broadcast on You stream President secretary secretary up recent recent popular sentiment local Broadcasting is at the venue Prime Minister President election secretary team up President election secretary team up ... secretary x video It is the opening of the presidential election speech meeting . candidates in the waiting room Please support us by all means Secretary up ... After this 21 15 president election 2012 Next Generation Type Open Discussion Group President Secretary It is the schedule of 25 17 00 Presidential election street speech meeting station west entrance front of department store presidential election station west exit street speech will be live streamed by You stream . President Secretary and street speech We will mute the sound . Around the speech is about to begin . Governor Choice Secretary Up live at 16 o'clock we will live stream broadcast of s presidential street speech to be held in on . Governor Choice Secretary Up live at the special site 24 News The dissolution of the of is the first Refused regime from the giving a wrong signature to uploaded . Posted pictures and videos of speech President secretary secretary group up continued Even if we state that is free to visit the Shrine the summit will continue 24 Morning President Secretary Up If you are visiting I have told you that the summit can not be held at the In short we can have a summit meeting continued 24th Morning Morning President Secretary Up continued Becoming a I sent a sign that might be able to take the island with this people regime because I lost the TBS 24th continued I did not let the ship of the put himself on the body and let it land continued 24th TBS morning morning President election secretary team up Continued For a long time was quietly controlling but I tried to land with a fishing boat from the end of the administration to violate the territorial waters continued 24th TBS When is weak in its own power it is said to be theory of shelving and it will come to rob it with military power as it gradually becomes stronger continued 24th Morning President became secretary general but I have distorted education clearly presidential secretary presidential situation Constitutional amendment future speaker President secretary office up continued First of all I will do a demonstration negotiations between the government do not do much and when I also stop private negotiations I will put pressure on my opponent even when arresting the captain of the captain This time as well it came in the same way but the demo stops like this in this way President election secretary team up In the era of Ms. when I announced visit and entered the permanent member of the has been doing the same thing as it is now . Continued on 23rd at the press station President election secretary team up 24 Schedule is 21 15 president election 2012 next generation type open discussion society 0 0 16 00 West 3 It is schedule 24 Schedule 7 30 TBS no Morning appeared . President secretary secretary group up Since dissolution of the of said as soon as possible first of all how to do after doing this and talking about policies properly at the debate on 23rd President Up In response to the question of whether we can agree with the after the election of the of Representatives it is basically such an idea . at the debate on 23rd President Since I am a promise of the Prime Minister to do a general election in the first place I should naturally do it since I am asking the public to pay a burden I would like to do it properly on the 23rd debate President secretary secretary team up I will do what I have to do firmly before raising the consumption tax . First off the deflation and change the yen high address on 21st President secretary secretary up President secretary secretary up continued That is why we never knew I am determined to confront the place to confront firmly for the future of the future News station President secretary secretary up Continued I changed the Education 3 Law by changing the Law but as this is the of the and this person is staring at the boss the educational setting is quite extraordinary Press Station President of the of the Requested by Prime Minister distorted education President Secretary Up When I go around the speech gathering halls all over I feel strongly that I want the to take responsibility sooner than the audience of the party of the I feel strongly about such a response debate on 23rd From the presidential election secretary team up 30 minutes o'clock this after 12 will be broadcast live by the state of presidential election stump speech that takes place in Prefecture Station . Please come and listen to everyone President election secretary team up speech video on live at We have no resurrection of without reconstruction up to the presidential election 2012 . 10 00 et . Media station appointed by President election candidate started President election secretary team up Today after finishing his first appearance on coverage 2001 debate What We got I want to say Fanatics I used for shooting as a souvenir O Secretarial up 7 30 and others party President Selection candidate coverage 2001 began . President secretary secretary group up It is a street campaign announcement tomorrow 23rd 13 00 Street heading speech station north exit story of by It is an announcement of appearance on tomorrow 23rd 7 30 New coverage 2001 9 00 debate 10 00 News station President election Secretary team up has been muted until the speech seems to start around 5 minutes later . Live at 17 o'clock and the president elected presidential street speech will be in at the event before the joint village Please watch all the members President secretary secretary team up live at hereafter and President of the president will be broadcast live at the of streaming in the Please listen to everyone Governor Secretary of the Governor Up live at animation From the video of this daily news Please President secretary team up Governor s secretary up news The place of the presidential street speech meeting which started today at 17 o'clock is changed to before the department store in front of station It was . Thank you . speech is live on President secretary secretary team up has become the 1st most popular hash tag 21 HOT word as of 21 30 . We have tweeted congratulations and hot feelings for birthday everyone . The presidential election secretary team firmly tells . President secretary secretary group up 22 Schedule of the schedule 16 50 22 schedule 10 50 Speech party . 14 30 . President Secretary s Up Today too thank you for listening to speech . From tomorrow we will stream live stream of street speech in front of the building in from . President secretary secretary team up presidential election speech is being relayed on stream . and President of the president will be broadcast live at on 16th at . Please come and listen to everyone Mute the audio during other speaker speech . President Secretary s Up live at Special Governor Choice Special Site Daily news Grassroots conservation has come up with a battle to regain by using means of and been uploaded . President secretary team up Governor s secretary up Governor s secretary up President s street speech speech to be held in front of station We will broadcast live at . Please come and listen to everyone President election secretary team up live at President secretary office up Supporting former Prime Minister is a map of the street statue meeting . Please come and see us . Live streaming speech at President election secretary team up I uploaded daily news to the special site 2012.09.19 . President secretary secretary team up Started around 0 01 19 . President secretary secretary group up For the acceleration of the earthquake disaster recovery Politicians take responsibility give the discretion to the workplace I will do it without fail if I am the Today youth station Open debate sponsored by the female office contact From today at To be held at general meeting rally has been decided on live broadcast of animation Do not miss out on everyone ... Also starting today at 19 o'clock and the President rally will also be relayed by live Please watch it President secretary secretary team up Later the liberal broadcast of talk of the president from 17 o'clock Part 1 Member of the of . of the of Member of the of . From tomorrow 20 th we will hold a speech delivered by welcoming Prime Minister and former Prime Minister at the station front Everyone please come and join us President election secretary team up video To the new morning president first half war digest been uploaded Today afternoon schedule 19 00 . President secretary team up schedule 17 00 s talk and talks a discussion by Representative . Net relay . President election secretary team up President election secretary team up President secretary secretary team up Continued By showing that determination we can protect the lives of territory territorial waters and citizens one question One answer 0 53 President secretary secretary group up discourse gives a wrong impression to domestic and overseas I would like to think about new and correct discourse one question answer 0 39 President secretary secretary team up The speech of the previous candidate has now begun . just a moment please . Governor Choice Secretary live at the president election stadium held at streaming at the street address Please listen to everyone Approximately Governor Choice Secretary live at of in Prefecture and Prefecture in the afternoon to respond to every situation related to the Islands The electoral election campaign in the citizen open space has been canceled The Foreign Relations Committee attending all candidates for the president will be held in the afternoon ... ... It is a secretary . After finishing the street in city I will head to from now ... It seems like a commuting scenery that can not be done Secretarial up Today President s election The street speech has been uploaded . I will tell you the resolve to resolve the abduction issue and decide to make the region healthy for 10 years since the visit . And after the speech shake hands President secretary secretary team up After this we will broadcast live broadcasting of presidential street speech to be held at and station on . Please come and listen to everyone President secretary secretary team up live at After this will broadcast live broadcasting of presidential street speech at and station around . Secretary live at video Links to presidential street address in Station Governor s Secretary Up Up upgraded the on the special site for presidential election . Notice of holding general meeting rally on 19th today Shaking hands with everyone President Secretary Ups We uploaded presidential street speech at today s station to . President Secretary up 19 19 hosted by volunteers of civilian volunteers seeking prime minister the presidential election stadium to be held at station soon from 15 o'clock streaming of the speech at watch all of you will be only for the street speaker of street . President secretary secretary up live at Now in a national crisis There is a consensus among the five people but I like you to keep the security of the who are currently in right now no one will burn flags We are proud of them discussion will be appearing at 10 00 debate soon President secretary secretary s up video talk 9.15 . with and Representative Representative talks about Why we are in two parts Starting around 31 seconds of video President election secretary team up coverage 2001 appearance is around President election secretary team up Representative will soon be appearing at 7 30 New coverage 2001 Presidential election secretary team up President election secretary team up It is a discourse in the administration . It has already been fixed but we need to decide once again what we have modified so we can not afford this dishonor for children and grandchildren at a public discussion meeting Also that is not shared in the and the are starting to make a lot of monuments of sex slave on the grounds At the administration we made a cabinet decision that there was nothing to prove compulsion but many people have said that I do not know ... at a public discussion meeting In this context discourse has been politically and diplomatically discourse I took a woman like a man and took a woman to make it a comfort woman and is supposed to carry the dishonor now at a public discussion meeting discourse About the problem of comfort women I have been studying with my result is that there was nothing to show this there was not anything backed up by the testimony ... open debate At the meeting Representative will broadcast a state of the presidential street speech meeting to be held at station from 16 o'clock live at . Please come and listen to everyone I have lost the economic and fiscal advisory council live at so it is also a big problem that the between the of and the government that was constantly in the administration was lost at a public discussion meeting So it is not that we do not have to raise taxes but if deflation continues as it has been it should not be raised as it can be raised It is extremely important to make an effort . at a public discussion meeting I must reflect on the situation in 1997 . In the era of Prime Minister the nominal was 513 trillion yen The current balance is 470 trillion yen tax revenue was 51 trillion yen but since the expenditure was kept to 81 trillion yen the primary balance could be compressed to 6 trillion yen now it is over 30 trillion yen . At the debate Tax To raise tax revenue to the end only If the nominal does not increase the tax revenue does not increase easily but I agree to raise the base tax rate from 5 to 10 . However When I make a mistake in time I will break the economy as a result ... at a public debate ... and the superintendent is still the education chief the chief editor chose the chief the chief executive promised to the citizen that he would do such education in the election consult with the educational committee as an advisory body through the chief educator I think that responsibility will become clearer and the relationship with the public will also be clear at a public discussion meeting One of the original ideas that is making now loses the of Rather than saying that the of should be an advisory body and the responsible person will still be the chief of education ... There was a problem of bullying at school . Responsibility Is it a scene the chief education Whether it is a committee or the of Education the of is responsible . at a public discussion meeting Although there are many worthy people those who are not jobs carry a tough task The secretariat prepares at a public discussion meeting According to this the course of study was created and textbooks were supposed to appear but the educational committee decided that textbooks The adoption is decided but the of is not composed by the person at a public discussion meeting Education The revised was a complete rewrite the clearly wrote the educational goals respecting the public spirit of cultivating morality the tradition and culture of love patriotism first of all I wrote that my family is responsible for education at a public debate Although some people say that is approaching twilight There is no such thing depends on what politicians leadership will do depending on the right decision execution power can definitely have a new morning at a public discussion meeting The prolonged deflation and the appreciation of the yen make the economy sluggish and young people are unable to find dreams and hopes in the future and now we need to get out of deflation and put the economy on a powerful growth trajectory. at a public debate The ocean in is about to be threatened with the territory we must show our resolve to resolutely defend . at a public debate session Without awaiting I was able to learn something important to us and what something that should be kept about the earthquake disaster it is an important family a lovely home It is irreplaceable . at a public discussion meeting the great earthquake disaster that occurred on March 11 last year has become an unforgettable event for us now still 340,000 people are forced to live a difficult life . Councilor 13 05 Public debate sponsored by the press club hosted by the press club at a public debate session powerful reconstruction should be promoted with political leadership . It is starring President Secretary s Up And in 1970 when said that it was theirs was supposed to belong to us if it was ours that is amp of Money What I have to clarify is that until there is an announcement that there are resources around the in 1968 There was no interest in at all Islands Weekly News Paper amp of Although it is not suddenly an armed attack it is eliminated when anyone has landed You should do the simulation at that time you must definitely not let the landing on and you need to build a system that you can never enter the territorial waters of 12 nautical miles Weekly ... At that time the alliance relationship between and the was exactly right which is extremely important . Although the has effective control it is said that there is always a ship of maritime insurance It is not easy to understand that people are living and this is an island in . ... I got 3000 tons of boat A serious protest came from the other side but let me issue a tough message saying that it will be a serious thing to do for anything more than this for will be referred to as President In ... During the administration I visited and agreed on a strategic and mutually beneficial relationship but in the same month the preservation of The challenged the landing . In the daytime it was a very good mood during the day but I instructed the that he would not make a definite landing . amp of will be from 11 30 amp of appearance Presidential election secretary team up I experienced various things as a prime minister including now said that is heading for dusk but never such a thing is dependent on what I do the leadership of politics the economy We will grow keep we will have a shining morning . with a plus Meeting of the Restoration There are also places where you can do together and there are places where there is no education or constitutional revision as a philosophy Although I agree the policy is not aged . with a plus Framework after the election As a result of the election of the of Representatives the composition changes dramatically the may be defeated There may be some kind of change also in the upper house. agreement on policies is obviously important Since the managed to go to from the beginning in an effort to try considerably is a you do not promise from the beginning you will not let it go to the is somewhat funny position . with a plus In the first place the government is not negotiating power so normally and the are allies so we will cooperate in advance at negotiation meets national interests or it all at with a plus While holding discussions while having pipes they showed resolute determination with the wrong impression As a result not to think that this may be taken it will prevent such conflict with a wake up plus But it is not a sticky relationship but decisively if I challenge the island I will prevent it I actually did such a thing . with a plus relationship When I took over as Prime Minister my relationship was very bad . As prime minister we negotiated with various pipes and as a result confirmed each other strategic reciprocity relationship. Wake Up Plus As I progress this kind of thing gradually it will mean that pressure will be applied all the way so withdrawing there I will give in to pressure if I give pressure to plus we decided to execute things we made speedily and absolutely . at It is good that it was held in the country concrete measure of effective control There are other islands that are the starting point of . Although this nationalization and management must proceed public officials will stay on the island with a plus It is said that is aiming for resources in the area . as well they are finally saying that they are core profits So there is a alliance strengthening the alliance and in some cases jointly exercising to prevent landing in and the will show joint will to demonstrate will in Up Plus nationalization President of the President expelled the from base in the is a fragile army with only a warship four of which were controversial with within the next 4 years We are going to have the same policy objectives relations between the government and the of If we can withdraw from deflation we should withdraw from deflation Banks use it freely or the of mission is price stability but in other countries maximizing employment is also included we should think about that . at Since it is not in the situation of corporate investment and consumption coming soon public investment to protect children life safety national land or infrastructure for regional productivity and competitiveness enhancement in Up Plus Monetary policy is an important pillar of policy in the world and the also supports the economy by printing a considerable dollar in the In as well the government and the of should cooperate in policy making monetary easing in up Plus The regime is centered on so to speak growing in a plus consumption tax If the deflation situation seems to be going on if there is such a judgment I will raise it It can not in the plus lawmakers is soon Plus appeared Governor Secretary s Up We published videos and daily news on outbreak ceremony on 14th at the presidential election special site of the official website . The President Secretary of the Chief There is no one who will live a life for friends who do not have a relationship of trust I think that has given rich plows where the trust relationship is gone At the press station It is necessary for the top to instruct the absolutely not to violate territorial waters it is necessary to inform the in advance that the top instructed that at the press station Prime Minister Although an attempt to land at the recent was done by a group called civilians we instructed the to decisively stop it and that rough wave During the middle of the year everyone at the maritime inspector worked hard at the risk of hurting and stopped landing by hitting the body and stopping the landing . joint press conference 15 Evening schedule of the evening schedule That it . 18 00 President elected live broadcast appearance It is the announcement of schedule on 15 Sat afternoon . 13 00 Public debate sponsored by Press club Press Center President election secretary team up It is announcement of the schedule of 15 morning . 8 00 11 30 amp of . The president secretary office team up I experienced the prime minister I have learned various things including frustration I will strive to fight with this nation by making use of this everyone fight together and have a wonderful Let make it Outing ceremony We are members who share ideals and policies so it strong so we are proud and that why we are confident at the outing ceremony This battle is a battle to regain it is only one point for the nation and the people that we gathered in this place . In the formula a presidential secretary organization . The departure ceremony from 10 am we are invited to support many people including former Prime Minister and enthusiasm air Hot air It became a departure for It is a presidential election secretary . Today at 10 o'clock president s election ceremony . Today at 10 o'clock even if the place is away my heart will be one break through let stand up together with for s It is a presidential election secretary . On 14 there are programs that are on as well as other candidates . 23 30 News 23 TBS affiliate 23 59 news zero series ... ... president secretary secretary . From the evening on the 14th we be on with other candidates . 17 00 Super news series 19 00 News 7 Enlarged version 22 00 News Station Continued It is the presidential election secretary . ceremony at 10 am on 14 The main schedule of morning and afternoon is as follows . 10 00 Outing ceremony Headquarters Room 603 11 00 candidate finding presentation speech meeting headquarters 8th floor hall 14 00 candidate joint press conference headquarters headquarters 901 room President secretary secretary . On 14 presidential election will begin . During the presidential election period our presidential election secretary will also participate in the role of telling the daily trends of . Thank you President president election held today Viewing the horse interview You can also download the policy brochure on the official website . please see . policy pamphlet which was distributed today in the president election speech delivered speech can be downloaded from . read through everyone v We are pleased to welcome new guests for the early autumn season and everyone who is happy . I have decided to stand for the president election this time . ... ... ... ... It is a secretary . Today I attended a lecture by former member of the of in city Prefecture . ... Thank you very much . I am going to prefecture tomorrow . Please drop by if you are nearby . In addition against the illegal landing of activists to the Islands the next protest statement was issued . Statement against illegal landing to the ... I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo photo to I handed a disabled facility It is a summer festival of the village . Everyone in the entrance is enjoying it with the cooperation of the people of the local community at the third festival today . Fireworks in are pretty impressive but today to the next festival in front of fireworks I stopped by stall at . was delicious d o I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to We held a social occasion with everyone of the young club organization branch in It was . The venue was . ... I posted a new photo to Since this morning a joint meeting was held with the of and the who think about forefront and historical education . The agenda was two but the debate was boiled on the first agenda and the time was out . ... A joint meeting of the of from 8 o'clock this morning was held with the who think about advance and historical education . The agenda was two but the debate was boiled on the first agenda and the time was out . ... I posted a new photo to I read novels at night as well as changing my mind every night before going to bed . The day before yesterday last night I enjoyed a short edition of my favorite writer Taste it . ... It is the 2nd day of the series . We head for at 123 at . ... PM 14 26 Arrived from station to station I will transfer the bullet train at station and head for station . Today I went to the Kiosk the second time to ... I posted a new photo photo to I posted a new photo to Yesterday the Security Tax Reform related bill passed the of . My way of thinking about the 3 party agreement is as already explained in . ... with the former of . He is a politician familiar with fiscal and monetary issues . The other party is Minister . It is an excellent patriot who wants to have a hard fight but definitely wins . I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to started a . give me a rigid speed ball in the middle . I posted a new photo to This morning I have urgent use in I will return home by flight of morning and I will return to in the future Today lunch is a good paradise of shopping district . set meal . I joined the stamina v It is a reunion of a long time with members of the beautiful country building promotion office of the cabinet era who also belonged to him including from the of and who runs from Prefecture to the of d o Young members were hot again and we talked about dreams . I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo photo to It is a scenery of rice planting of of yesterday . I remember old commercials . Thank you for your cooperation . I was surprised a bit because it was too timely laugh I posted a new photo to The general meeting of the bipartisan parliamentarians the creation that I am chairman of the of was held at the of of Governor Governor as guests . ... ... backstage to hand softly . Today I gave a lecture on the abduction issue at the of and held at headquarters . ... I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to to with boots . On radio show recording He is from my local . I am from in exactly . ... It is my political broadcast during the 2009 general election . I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to It is the best moment to reward struggle climbing while sweating the mountain path . Thank you everyone who waited at the summit thank you I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to And Thunder I posted a new photo photo to It is a picture of and of yesterday . There were a few people who seemed to be the picture of the wedding photographs posted yesterday so I will share and introduce them . It is a journey of love and youth . I posted a new photo to With at a celebration commemorating the 10th anniversary . is a person who is very obedient in humanity . I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to to and and of editor of weekly special columnist . Conservative major group o I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to to I arrived at station and I am moving to city There is still snow here and the footsteps of spring seems to be far away . I can not wait to see you though I still have nothing . I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I moving on a bullet train to for a lecture now . Before giving a lecture I upset with the reputation of o I posted a new photo photo to I posted a new photo to On March 29th at the ... I was invited to at to be held in on the evening of March 29 ... I posted a new photo to I left early in the morning and came to . ... I posted a new photo I arrived at at on the last night and returned to by car from there ... I posted a new photo to recorded in is scheduled to be broadcast today . 22 14 55 17 45 today Secretary up I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to to This morning from 8 o'clock conference attendees and breakfast meeting . Interview with from . The picture is at that time . ... I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to will appear on affiliate . Appeared from around . take a look at everyone . I tried drinking it after a long absence while I was moving to party headquarters . It became delicious . It was delicious before I knew I tried drinking it after a long absence while I was moving to party headquarters . Version Following yesterday a young politician came to the office . It is of the former of member . ... That same day version laugh I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo to I posted a new photo photo to I beat in the bathroom recently It became together . It is an event when I went to the for tackle recording . On the program we discussed public servant reforms and diplomacy and security . I posted a new photo to I will appear tackle next week ."}]