[{"index": {"_index": "alsisiOfficial", "_type": "leaders", "_id": "alsisiOfficial"}}, {"content": " I issued instructions to the concerned agencies to take the necessary measures to continue the opening of the crossing during the holy month of in order to ease the burden on the brothers in the Strip live and happy year . Part of the participation of President in a meeting to ask the president . Part of the president participation in the session Analysis of the political scene in President stresses that political life aims to strengthen the state and develop its capabilities . President thanks the former presidential candidate and confirms that he wanted to have more than one candidate in the presidential race . President More than 330 youths are being pardoned in prisons according to the recommendations of the presidential amnesty committee . President announces the launch of the fifth and stresses his keenness to extend bridges of communication with youth . Thank you for your participation in the Ask the President initiative . The reception of all questions has been completed and await the answer of President During the . Every day young people prove their worth with respect and respect . I am proud of my presence in the model of the which was professionally prepared and managed by the youth . Since the beginning we have taken together as a way to face challenges . In the context of the constant pursuit of communication has been opened to receive questions through From 13 to 15 May I was very pleased with what I saw a great achievement made by the hands in the new administrative capital live our workers a key role in improving the economic situation of our country so we must honor them and honor them to the makers of the future of our dear . Every year workers make their progress and prosperity . I was honored to attend the educational seminar of the armed forces on the anniversary of the liberation of I fully understand the state of suffering suffered by some as a result of the effects of sudden and unusual rainfall during the last two days and I confirm that the state with all its organs will intensify its efforts to prevent such incidents occur again . On the anniversary of the liberation of dear .. I pay tribute to the masses of the great people who proves every day his ability to enforce his free will and made for that sacrifices and shed the blood of the righteous of his sons in order to remain the land of and good . to son for his achievement that calls for pride and emphasizes the capabilities of the in all fields . Proud of him and of every the name of is very high . I am very happy with the development that took place in the road . The president expressed his gratitude for the positions of the government and people of in support of the people and their legitimacy at this crucial stage . He expressed his aspiration for further cooperation that will advance the historical relations between the two countries . During the meeting they discussed the latest developments in . The President affirmed firm stance in support of the legitimate government in and its support for the unity and territorial integrity of as well as efforts to alleviate the human suffering it is facing . And provide them with support . President met on on the sidelines of the summit held in with President . President activities during the week and the importance of concerted efforts of the international community and the promotion of joint action aimed at preventing terrorist organizations from acquiring arms funding and terrorist elements as well as granting them political and media coverage . The talks also touched upon The efforts of combating terrorism at all levels where the visions of the two sides agreed on the importance of comprehensive confrontation of the phenomenon of terrorism and extremist thought . The two sides also expressed their support for the efforts to reach political solutions to the various crises in the region stressing the priority of supporting the sovereignty of the national state on its territory maintaining its unity cohesion of institutions and protecting the capabilities of its peoples . Where a bilateral meeting was held followed by a session of extensive talks on ways to strengthen bilateral relations at various levels . As reviewed The two sides discussed the latest developments in the regional situation and issues of common concern especially in the light of the escalation of crises in the region and the complexity of the challenges facing the countries . President of the received today at His of and Deputy Supreme Commander of the . Whenever I recall in my memory the scenes of the lined up before the polling stations or in Factories farms and national projects or guards on the border I sense the energies of hope in the arteries of the homeland and the greater certainty that we are a great nation seeking to build glory for children as built by grandparents and I look forward to the future as great as we dream of peace on and its people of President in the week of live the voice of the masses of will remain a witness without a doubt that the will of our nation strongly imposes itself Do not know weakness .. And will remain scenes of before the polling stations a place of pride and pride and a compelling proof of the greatness of our nation which gave its bloodiest children to move together into the future during the President vote today in the presidential election proud of the sons of heroes .. And proud of my presence For the exemplary mother and female models supervising the activities of the Women conference . I offer To the women with all their appreciation and gratitude for their prominent role in the march of national action of our great nation . I will make the world listen to the voice of in tribute and appreciation and I will make your voice to the homeland and grieve him alone and women and their sacrifices will live God willing .. Long live . I have directed the provision of safe living for women and the provision of social protection programs . We have also strengthened laws that combat violence against women . represent 20 of government members and for the first time in history are appointed A woman as a conservative . The representation of women in parliament is unprecedented and we expect to increase in the coming period . The State efforts to empower women must be commensurate with what they have made and the sacrifices they still make . women have stood behind the state since the 1919 revolution to face any dangers against the homeland . women have become truly inspirational to this country and a national situation worthy of appreciation and admiration . I call upon all women to participate in and participate in the presidential elections to set an example of participation in the elections and to assure the whole world that This country is ruled by its people . women are more than tolerated the conditions experienced by in recent years . I swear by God I have not heard over the past five years a single word of repentance from an woman who lost her husband son or beloved for the sake of the homeland . From the meeting of the President today and President covered the picture of the most important events of the conference the family in the presence of President and President President of the . sons will appeal their homeland in elections whatever their choices and political leanings . My message to every and is that you hope for this country and its hope . My trust in the people of is unshakable and unbounded and the loyal sons of abroad have all my greetings appreciation and respect . The River is the biggest symbol of relations and any positive developments in have an impact on and its people . Security and stability of is part of security and stability . and are one family and one people since ancient times which is settled in And all and . Arts play an important role in the advancement of societies . It is a case of human advancement that provides bridges of acquaintance and communication between different cultures . A large interaction of the attendees with the technical paragraph at the beginning of the conference The family of the conference family in the presence of President and President President of the . President presented today the military funeral held for the team chief of staff of the former armed forces who participated in the wars of aggression tripartite 1967 attrition and 1973 and received many decorations In recognition of what he did during his busy career . President and His of visited the today where they opened the renovation work of the mosque after its completion . With the parents of new students today at the Police Academy during their visit To their sons Visit of the President of the Police Academy this morning From the visit to the Police Academy this morning from the President visit to the Police Academy today President visits the Police College this morning and inspected the morning exercises for students President makes a surprise visit to the at dawn today proudly follow the tournaments of my sons of the armed forces and police to clear the precious land of elements Terrorist enemies of life .. and always clip of the visit of President and bin to a commercial center in Pictures of the visit of the President of the of during the inspection of the project of the mountain plateau at the dawn of the day President inspecting the project of the mountain plateau at dawn today suddenly Of the sponsors of the project will be the opening session of the 30th session of the The President of the martyrs and their children honored the celebrations of the Police Day today . The delivery of the delegations of the President today the text of the statement of the President regarding the candidacy of his sovereignty for the next presidential term President is being examined in preparation for submitting his papers to the for the presidential elections 2018 . Allow me to announce my candidature for a coming term . I hope that you will show the world the size of your participation in the presidential elections regardless of the choice . All the effort to maintain the nation and assure you I can not stay at your will Tale of homeland I pledge to be a presidential election The next is a title for transparency Tale of the homeland is ready to sacrifice my soul for the homeland Story of the homeland I register my appreciation for the role of women a greeting to each mother and wife and son bore and illustrated the story of the homeland I register my appreciation for the armed forces police intellectuals scientists innovators and intellectuals Tale of the homeland all we achieved in the land of The battle to preserve the state is the story of the homeland We have over the past years we have passed a period of the most accurate years throughout our long history In response to a citizen question regarding the existence of guarantees for the implementation of the vision of 2030 later carefully and give your voice only to those who deserve to take charge of you A story of homeland in response to a question from a citizen regarding the human rights issue Human rights are national constants must be observed In there are close to 5 million refugees and we are the only country with no refugee camps he said . We do not need a minister for women affairs we are very interested in her and we appreciate her a lot . A story of homeland in response to a question from a citizen regarding the file of localities We encountered obstacles in the process of elections and I call for participation in local elections and participation in the executive boards Tale of the homeland in response to a question of a citizen regarding the development of a strategy to counter terrorism in the There is a strategy to combat terrorism Including intellectual and cultural aspects . What we have done in the Canal from development has provided us with the possibility of receiving the latest ships he said . The story of a citizen in response to a question by a citizen regarding the importance of digging the new Canal It was possible to borrow from international financing institutions to dig the Canal but we were to implement the contributions of the citizen . The story of the homeland in response to a question of a citizen regarding the importance of digging the Canal new The purpose of the participation of in the establishment of the Canal new revival of hardness among the people the story of homeland in response to a question of a citizen regarding the importance of digging a channel Was the Canal eligible to receive the new generation of ships if we did not split the new Canal The true story of the homeland of cinema with a reward and reward when you call for principles and virtue . The story of the homeland of my dealings with the brothers is not a policy but as are the origin of the story of homeland we took a decision to use a real brute force and violence in the face of terrorism in story of our homeland we are keen not to be exposed to near the airport of industrial and health which cost more than 120 billion pounds . The story of homeland did not restrict our national security but we dealt with him differently .. And who will approach our borders we are ready for him . of We managed the file of the Renaissance with understanding and understanding of the requirements of development in . There was no agreement on the amount of water that would be temporarily reduced until the completion of the dam . We have not been affected by the policies of implicating externally . The story of our homeland . Our foreign policies are strong in the unity and cohesion of the . the In the era of the . The story of our homeland We have succeeded in surviving and passing several schemes aimed at and I hope that every citizen in turn will merit to achieve what we wish . The constitution has become stable and governed by laws and the constitution will achieve the hopes of over the coming years . Story of the homeland of the elections in the current parliament was free elections Tale of the homeland was planned to target and was able thanks to God to withstand the schemes of the story of the homeland to preserve the state one of the most important strategies I set myself before the story of the homeland of the country was subjected to violent shocks of the effects of two revolutions within three years only the story of homeland whenever the stability of state institutions The performance of the quality and efficiency of the story of the homeland of the agenda of the third day of the conference of the story of homeland There will be no cancellation of ration cards and support of bread beware of rumors and make you doubt in yourselves and in your country the story of the homeland there is a real political will to face corruption in The story of the homeland We are considering the establishment of a charity fund for people with disabilities Story of the homeland of one billion pounds from the live to support people with disabilities Tale of the home of all greetings and appreciation to the brothers supported us after 3 2013 The story of the homeland The rise in the value of the dollar against the pound reflects the economic performance of over the past 50 years . We are working To stop that bleeding and shift to the upside . The story of the homeland has been to take action on the path of economic reform to build the state of the story homeland aims to enlighten the the size of the challenge we face the story of home does not contract on a project only if it represents a real opportunity and the station of nuclear example of this story home was necessary to intervene state to control market mechanisms In order to strike a balance between supply and demand the story of the homeland we face our challenges with real awareness and work to root out the problems . We grant citizens unemployment benefit instead of establishing major national projects . Tale of the homeland The allocation of land for national projects and investors took more than 3 years and now allocated by telephone to support the serious investor . We all have to realize that we will not distribute money to citizens but work hard to build a state and establish the future . Tale of the homeland We are working to increase the supply of goods to force the market to reduce prices . The story of the homeland of the state has worked around the clock to restore the confidence of foreign investors The story of the homeland of workers in national projects market them in their communities The story of the homeland of infrastructure projects created thousands of job opportunities Tale of the homeland has to develop the network of roads and bridges to achieve liquidity in the transport and communication between the provinces . By the end of this year we will not import gas shipments from abroad A bridge to transfer electricity to and Story of the homeland No country wants to build an ambitious economy without a basic infrastructure Sophisticated story home designed to deliver the real picture on the development of infrastructure for the ordinary citizen Tale of The forums and their positions have become a place of respect and appreciation of all the story of the homeland touch the suffering of the simple classes And the middle of the suffering of living and will spare no effort to help them Tale of the homeland has succeeded in the access of clean drinking water to 96 of families Tale of the homeland of six people who trade in the interest of the people for the benefit of the person of the story of homeland The government submitted a number of draft laws that protect women and protect them to the of of the homeland The woman was conscience The nation is springing and a place of interest and care and this is undoubtedly its right Tale of the homeland We have completed over the course of 4 years 11 thousand projects at the rate of 3 projects per day Tale of home by the middle of 2019 We have completed the reclamation of a million acres . The story of the homeland . An ambitious plan for the development of the oil sector has been implemented . 62 research and exploration agreements have not been signed . We did not occupy the present and the challenges of work . We are interested in building the future through the implementation of the vision of 2030 . I have chosen the road from the first moment . A lot of work and sacrifice from all of us and I assure you that no president can do anything on his own . I thought I had reached the top of my ambition when I took command of the great army revolutions were The battle of building the future and the manufacture of hope What has been achieved during the last period is the product of the fruit of the dream of the people . It is imperative that the take the lead in the battle against the forces of darkness . I offer you an account of the past period with all transparency and clarity . The war with terrorism was not the only one . Every father wife and family has done so much . All thanks to God and all to you . for the future of your children and your country would not have been achieved without the people of the real hero who deserves all the respect and appreciation the first day of the conference of the story of the homeland has closed the door to receive questions from the President initiative . President will answer your questions during a session of the of the which will be held from 17 to 19 . Story of Together We review the journey of success during the conference of the story of the homeland from 17 to 19 Story of For the sake of President to communicate directly with all segments of society the Ask the President initiative continues . The President is waiting for all your queries and suggestions from today until 15 through the official website of the Ask the President .. Ask your question express your opinion from 10 to 15 you see the love .. You see the joy that we are .. equal . Equal to Why do not we share the good and happiness between us and each other .. Why we are not harmless .. ... Be patient .. You belong to us .. And you are from us .. And we are one .. And never ever be able to divide us .. Never believe me .. Always repeat and say .. Age of evil and age of ruin and the age of destruction and the age of murder .. Can not be defeated constructive loving and peace .. can not . The partial opening of the cathedral today a great message from not to the .. not .. not even to the region .. for the whole world .. A message of peace and a message of love Excerpts from the speech of President during his at the of the of in the new administrative capital I extend my sincere congratulations to the people on the occasion of which restored to our beloved in and the blessings . I congratulate the football team for winning the best team award and congratulate the son of for his deserved victory . The best player in and I extend my greetings to the people on this victory which highlights the value of effort and sincerity God save and its people from all misfortune I will not say goodbye to you but I say you welcome to the next version of the Forum 2018 And scientific research and planning to establish a center for cultural and cultural integration aimed at activating the mechanisms of acquaintance and cultural rapprochement among the youth of the world The of to adopt the results of the simulation model to mandate the of to establish a regional center to support entrepreneurship and The of the to hold workshops around the world on various issues and topics discussed during the Forum to mandate the of the to form a committee of experts to develop an international strategy to combat migration Irregularity extremism and illiteracy The organizing committee of the in coordination with the is invited to attend the intensive youth forum The world is an opportunity to create a more sophisticated awareness and The between the youth of the world An opportunity to get rid of negative energies and support positive energies between the youth of the world is required in and all countries that need to combat extremism and terrorism World youth forum was a real opportunity to brainstorm real among all the youth of the world in all issues was discussed by the of the in coordination with the Forum in each year in to mandate the organizing committee of the to take the necessary to transform the Forum An international center for the and international between the youth of the world Investing in youth is the real investment that brings future returns of human value The serves as a platform for communication between the youth of and the world There is a political will in to maintain this experience The experience of the On the for and achievement of ambition of the world saw a review of youth models inspirational World Youth Forum has assured us that civilizations are integrated and join hands do not wrestle and compete Forum The youth of the world have given us an opportunity to to exchange different views . With pride and pride in the distinguished elite of the youth in the forum I call for the inclusion of all discussions in the simulation model within an official document and its handover to the international organization . The presence of international institutions has contributed to the decline of the superpowers We must work to restore the real image of women so that they get what the state deserves . It will seek to carry out rehabilitation programs to support women access to positions for all . To bend in front of the sacrifices made by women Women worldwide Fighting terrorism that targets the destruction of nations Leading positions reached by women are not favored by men but by their efforts will alone is not enough to empower women but must change the community culture Also the experience in education worthy Respectfully we seek sustainable development that will benefit future generations . Transparency is the only way to confront all those who are trying to destroy the state . The people are the only ones capable To meet the current challenges Provide a link between the countries will help them solve their economic problems without the need for external assistance surprised by dealing with the ignorant issues that harm and destroy countries more than their assistance Need 100 billion pounds a year at least to provide a million jobs We have a population growth in estimated at 2.5 Million people a year need education treatment work and housing Developed countries have a balanced population growth rate other than developing countries provides a huge amount of global information to centers research around the world . housing implemented by the state aims to create an integrated society with all services available . We seek to consolidate the foundations of a modern democratic professional state . The initiative to provide loans to small and micro enterprises 5 aims to provide funding for operating projects . Development projects adopted by the state aim to promote trade and industry and create employment opportunities . There is a program along with the presidential program for youth rehabilitation for leadership aimed at preparing qualified cadres for positions Ministers and governors . We make the utmost effort to employ young people and provide them with employment opportunities which requires a joint effort of the state and society . There are measures to be taken to advance the rehabilitation of the youth of . The first challenge we faced was communication and understanding with the youth of . I invite everyone to on a humanitarian basis without discrimination or extremism . We must formulate a vision for tomorrow that includes a safe and stable world in the light of peace and freedom of belief and opinion . was destined to be the center of the world . And the Forum of to be the civilization and belonging to the youth of in the establishment of the stems from the certainty that is the way to meet any challenges youth fought a constructive And development in parallel with the fight against terrorism the youth of have been an extension of their ancestral project based on the principles of civilization . I register my honor with the youth of who is striving tirelessly to achieve his will and the industry of tomorrow violates our humanity and its resistance A right of every human being President I would like to pay tribute to the national team for their heroic performance and to qualify for the World Cup . calls on the international community to support conflict resolution efforts The role of the should not be an alternative to the role of the primary responsible governments for peacekeeping . of conflict I ask the youth of to preserve the security and stability of the homeland I call on the media to work to raise awareness of citizens of the schemes of overthrowing the state I fully believe in the ability of the youth of to achieve success in all fields . The government examined the complaints submitted by the people of the . The government started the implementation studies for the projects of . The government efforts to make the necessary development for . Foreign currency reserve The state is firmly addressing the evil forces that seek to harm the security of will face any evil that may harm its citizens is facing several challenges at present Introduction to at the of the Views were exchanged on all topics The history of the armed forces in protecting and consolidating the pillars of the state will be recorded . The is ready to support the film production in the face of attempts to weaken the state The must work to support the morale of the people in the face of attempts to weaken the state . The installation of the pillars of the state is the treatment of all causes Which leads to the overthrow of the State . Conference The of the of the State should be terminated as soon as possible . The launch of the has proved their awareness and sense of responsibility towards their country . The is a . Economic reforms are necessary . The reluctance to make good decisions is a betrayal of the country . Conference I hope to continue our progress without hesitation Conference on 30 2018 will add 1 million acres for the area planted with a special effort away from the government Conference We must create a number of cities on the and we will secure them well . Conference Tourism progresses and flourishes when there is security stability for a long period of time The reinforces the state of discipline in the State of . gradually the Conference The issue of the return of the masses to the playgrounds are linked to the safety of the security services of the We are going well in all areas including the provision of cash reserves . The will not hesitate to confront the terrorists with the utmost firmness and strength . The will never remain in power without the will of the people . The Conference The people deserve much better . The Conference It is not reasonable to build new cities with a culture of 50 years past the Conference I believe in the importance of central action at the current stage . The should restore the prestige of the state and prefer the public interest to the private interest The needs 100 billion pounds to restore the efficiency of after the neglect of the . The state was absent and the law was not implemented in the past years . The Conference The encroachments on the agricultural lands reached 2 million and the land of the buildings 160 million The conference in the past years has witnessed many excesses and infringements on Conference on 30 2018 will provide 180 thousand apartments for the transfer of residents of hazardous areas Conference there are 180 thousand A family living in dangerous areas We are working to provide accommodation for them Conference I promised previously that everyone will ask for a social housing apartment to be obtained by the Conference We have developed 25 railways Conference We succeeded in eliminating the waiting lists for patients with virus C after it was composed of hundreds of thousands Conference The issue of electricity supply is an important achievement for the government . Conference We are working to control the support system by completing the data of its users . The is working on updating the databases . To make precise decisions Conference There was no alternative to the difficult economic measures taken by the Conference The government sets up measures to protect the citizen if any economic decision is taken . The Conference The region will not be stable if the terror scourge is not controlled . The Our legitimate demands are and stopping support of extremist groups . Do not interfere in the affairs of States and do not conspire on them and these constants 30 Conference intervene in the affairs of countries and support is one of the reasons for the region crisis . The Conference I will answer all your questions with the utmost transparency . The Conference The President of the El The collected messages will be considered and work to be met . They are determined to cross the current stage The salutes the people who rejected extremism and terrorism and a salute to this people who consciously understands the patience of decisions and looks to the future with confidence . has sought to attract more investments to create new jobs . After the 30 revolution responded to terrorism and supported the countries of the region to achieve stability . Today four years later voice is heard . The anniversary of the 30 revolution will remain in the history of . The people a great epic line on 30 declared their will . We continue to improve the treatment system in proportion to our resources . Delegations of the governors in coordination with the of for the work of exhibitions in the provinces . We work to hold accountable those who go beyond the law immediately to limit infringements . Each is responsible for maintaining the territory under state jurisdiction . We are serious about reclaiming all the excess areas in the region . The legalization of the conditions of the lands is the responsibility of the governor to work on The speed of completion of this file . I request the development of integrated urban planning for the . Youth ideas will be added to the file to remove abuses on state territory . Citizens must feel that the state is trying to solve its problems . helped us to what we are in it and to the people of . Now there is a severe blow to terrorist camps . The must remain cohesive so that does not become a base of radicalism in the world . We trust the current administration and President cooperation with the world to combat terrorism . We launched An initiative to combat terrorism and the international community must act to eliminate it . We knew that after the fall of the regime in we would be subjected to terrorist attacks . All nations of the world must unite in the face of this evil . All efforts are being made to strike the economy and strike the social peace of . States that support terrorism with money weapons and training must be punished ... no courtesy or reconciliation with them . We will not hesitate to protect our people from evil and its people . will never hesitate to strike at terrorist camps anywhere no matter what inside or outside of . The aim of today incident is to break the cohesion between and in . I offer my condolences to the people on completing the current housing projects as soon as possible . We will not allow infringements on state land . No one in the country is above the law and over rights in a year . We hope that global rates will be reached for the treatment of virus C by the end of this year . We must ensure that all projects suspended during the last 10 years have been closed . and housing in the city of should not their rights and defend them . Building nations is not easy and more must be done for construction and development . I quickly move the uncultivated land from the handlers on it . We must work to complete the construction of wheat silos to reduce the losses and provide what is disbursed by economic reform . Need to restore the purchasing power of the pound The increase in population is increasing consumption which is reflected in the state efforts to provide goods at a suitable price . To provide all goods to citizens at a reasonable price . I thank the for its support to in many development projects . The world faces unprecedented challenges where the voice of hatred violence and terrorism rises . Pope peace I appreciate the participation in the World Peace Conference . Pope peace Eliminating terrorism requires a unified effort to dry its sources and cut off its sources of funding . Pope peace The visit to strengthens relations between the two countries . Pope peace The land of was an incubator for cultural religious and cultural diversity and for a people who believes that religion is for God and the homeland for all . Pope peace appreciates the role of the in addressing extremism . Pope peace will continue to confront terrorism and confront the forces of evil . Pope peace to Peace Pope peace My trust in the youth of has no limits . National alignment is necessary and the introduction of the science of force and the elevation of personal interests is inevitable . I am confident and confident that we will move to the future . I support the call of the youth of the world to participate in the in next as a supreme imperative . Youth must be at the forefront of the march to advance the pace of development and development . has made great strides in implementing the recommendations of the in . opinion and youth I am I am very happy when I am with my sons and daughters listen to them and share with them all the issues facing the state . We draw from the memory of liberation the tools of success to map the future and the state of institutions of . Ladies and Gentlemen The faces many challenges that hinder it from completing the process of construction and development . The sacrifices of the inhabitants of the Canal cities were written in letters of light in the history of our nation . I stand here today proudly and proudly from the land of the eternal Canal . that We talk to each other . Each of the institutions of the shall be respected and respected including the media the judiciary and the . We will launch the . The awareness of the is the biggest challenge facing us . I afraid I afraid of the many entities that are formed so as not to intersect and conflicting jurisdictions between them . A new qualification program for the master and doctorate programs is launched to be used later as ministers and governors . I want to You are prepared and equipped to take responsibility to take our hand and pass all of our country . The group of graduates of the presidential program will be employed in the Presidency the of Ministers the various ministries and with the governors . The idea of state simulation Ideas are great but we need to study them to make sure indicators of success . The launch of the use of of youth presidential program to implement the process of monitoring and on all organs of the state in all provinces To create a group to implement your suggestions through the development of the economic program of the government to start the work of the executive bridge between the idea and the implementation of the start of the start of all trust in the . The start of the simulation session of the stages of the economy in the presence of the Prime Minister and a number of young people within the activities of the last days of the periodic conference for youth No one will be at the expense of his country and the subject before the parliament and the judiciary and do not intervene Ask the president to create the opposition is part of the political experience and has all the respect . Ask the president . I think . I welcome all the opposition factions in . Ask the president . Let start the legal process . There is no one intervening . Ask the president . Let us start with a real will to combat corruption and confront it . Ask the president . Let the bear all the crises . President of the of the support has reached 350 billion pounds and we can not compromise it . Ask the President Is not commensurate with the rate of exchange . Ask the president . Let us not feel the real improvement in light of the high rate of population growth . The current war is a war of minds and the media and terrorism of destiny in the hands of its people . I will not abandon you unless this is your wish . will not survive except with the patience of its people and its work and sacrifice . And fought many wars at a great cost during my campaign challenging the challenges we face the challenge will not be faced by the state alone and we must join together to assure all that the scale of the challenge still exists forces help to achieve development and fight terrorism The army plays a developmental role parallel to the state The poor countries rise in many years and always seek to convey the full facts to the people We have taken a different path is to face public opinion facts Past governments feared during the last period of decisions to implement economic reform It is now caused by long years of reform measures difficult but much delayed has a great opportunity to attract more investments channel axis Responsible for the provision of social housing for those who seek the creation of the the next period will witness a large number of projects . The objective of establishing the current projects besides the developmental aspects is to provide job opportunities for the youth . 180,000 housing units will be completed in the hazardous areas on 30 2018 . 30 and 99 of the project workers companies are implementing the project tunnels under the Canal from this land announced the opening of the in in 2017 and with the strength of its youth and enthusiasm will live . Allow me to pay a minute of mourning to the martyrs of our martyrs for their efforts to defend the homeland . The launch of the maritime demonstration on the banks of accompanied by the youth of the of the in is now a free demonstration with a group of young people participating in the youth league conference in . Decision to form the to and Extremism in The security services should intensify their efforts to arrest the perpetrators and perpetrators of the incident declaring the state of emergency in the country for three months after fulfilling the legal conditions . The must realize that what is being attempted is to disperse them . I hope all endure this pain . A long and ongoing in which we presented many victims during the visit to the headquarters of the in a report on the activities of the second day of the visit to the . In a meeting with in he met with of which discussed ways to enhance cooperation with the company in a number of sectors . He held a meeting with the President of the Chamber of and the Chairman of the The 12 heads of major companies the President arrival ceremony of the of believes that joint action is the basis for resolving the various issues and crises in the region . Summit We emphasize the importance of standing firm in the face of the threats that have taken place in our region and we have to face the challenges we face . The Summit I extend my sincere thanks and appreciation to His Majesty the King of the of for his hospitality and warm hospitality . The is a comprehensive report that includes all weekly activities between 18 23 March 2017 Celebratory Resolutions Women Day 4 . To entrust the government with the provision of 250 million pounds for the provision of early childhood services allowing the mother to work and help build the state . 3 . To entrust the of with supporting families of needy women and needy families and providing 50 million pounds provided by . 2 . Assigning the of to launch a national initiative for financed by the of Life of and for 250 million pounds . Assign the government as a strategy The empowerment of women 2030 is the working document for the coming years to activate the plans contained in this strategy . Celebrating and honoring the mother and the woman we decided the following women hit the finest examples of courage in dealing with the enemies of the homeland and provided a husband and son and a brotherhood to the homeland . women have been and remain a unique case that bears a special character and carries with it simple details . Much of the greatness of this homeland is derived from women . Day is a tribute to the great woman During the visit of Chancellor to the region yesterday our sincere appreciation for the performance of our national team supervisor at the Cup of and despite the outcome of the game but you won the appreciation of the people and the world . I trust that whatever the results the youth of will do their best to raise the name of our country dearly . I congratulate the players of the national team and its technical staff for their heroic performance throughout the matches of the 31st Nations Cup Second Youth League in I would like to thank the people of for their hospitality and live in . All 280,000 have been allocated in the new valley for the 1.5 million project . The development of the has started to cover the fuel needs of the sector with a total financial cost of 1.6 billion and ending in 2019 . Financial allocations for school feeding in the field to 850 million pounds in the academic year to cover more than 9400 schools innovating We have the political will Realization of comprehensive and sustainable development in the of has been the establishment of two power plants in and for the development of the level of innovation in 1977 . The project was established 197 project for educational development in the realization of the dream will be completed only with the awareness of the youth . At the beginning the youth of launched the sons of the good land .. Be a rock shattered by any attempt to get rid of the homeland I started a great happiness And the youth of and I believe that you icon of the future creator of the entire society must address those who try to overthrow set up a committee to review the compensation of the people of affected by the construction of the . Several industrial zones and the development of the social protection program in . The establishment of the for the of We have spent 14 billion pounds to build residential units in . We hope that we will achieve a significant leap in the region in many fields . I believe in absolute confidence in the will and ability of to deal with difficulties . We have decided to reuse the wastewater from the sewage station in . Through the treatment of at the level of the of the beginning of our goal to reach 10 million cubic meters of water treated daily starting Events of the second day of the second monthly youth conference in will become a great country for all of us to create the issues of is one of the responsibilities of the President of the has been ratified and all the problems presented by the creation of the responsibility of the government and the citizen together create the start of has a right in the neck of investors and the state is ready to provide a parallel effort to achieve the goals of young people Studying any idea that has been put forward today or is being received through the official channels including the Presidency website . We are ready to study the proposed initiatives And the work of feasibility studies to turn it into a creative reality . Starting from the session of initiatives of small and medium industries in I started as long as is fine I am in the best case of creation . Let use terrorism to destroy us and enter into a circle where we can not get out . Let start by thanking God for raising the name of very high . Cultural and creative the goal of our meeting every month is to confront the people of evil creative start the opportunity to be with you in to confirm the difference between the impression and reality I do not have an interest that is not in the interest of the . I did not hide from any enemy but I am afraid of not being aware of a session to discuss the challenges facing and the prospects for development on the second day of the in . The conference is a commemorative photo with the youth of the in its second meeting in . It takes time cost and effort to innovate . We are currently working on linking education to the labor market The emergence of population growth is one of the most important obstacles to the real progress of our creativity . The achievement of among all is a top priority . Solving problems in needs exceptional procedures . Innovating prices will not decline unless parallel goods are available at a lower price . As part of the first day of the youth conference in we are working to revive and rehabilitate suspended business companies and face many challenges most notably financing and legislations . The new urban planning will prevent the transformation of into a mass of slums . We are currently working on creating four new cities in to reduce random growth . To 60 billion to qualify and raise the efficiency of electricity networks The launch of the economic challenges is the biggest challenge at the moment . We need 180 billion pounds to develop projects in The creation of the first day of the second monthly youth conference in is the first day of the second annual youth conference in . With a group of young people within the activities of the first day of the conference of young people in announced the start of the second monthly youth conference in over the next two days I began to Said in and thank the people of for the warmth of their reception God willing we will meet soon in the face of the sea . only 6 months and pray to God to bring humanity to the values compassion tolerance and peace was carried by message towards stability and safety . We extend our best wishes to the of and the world on the occasion of the approaching birth of on the 25th day of . The opening of the bridge projects in the vicinity of the on 6 Opening of the road of the oases of the of providing services on the new roads before opening It must be linked to the new cities in the through a network of roads and bridges Opening of the bridge project in the clock in The opening of a drainage project . Will be the place we all deserve mega projects aimed at meeting the demands and needs of the people to complete the development of slums in the middle of 2018 we have been keen to take as a country the challenges of economic reform to reduce the pressure on the citizen . Three men and a woman were arrested in the terrorist church incident . Two others are being investigated . The incident of the was not done because of a security breach . What happened is a blow to the terrorists . tries to prevent the from advancing and we will not leave the right of the people . In a decisive and successful justice terrorism affects all for 3 years and will not be discouraged people arrested three others in the incident of the terrorist church and are under investigation is the one who blew himself up inside the church with an explosive belt I thank all in the incident Official funeral of the martyrs of the of the the terrorist with the strength and determination of the youth will live .. Long live I will start calling you for more work and diligence make the science and work for the homeland Is the constitution of your the completion of the training of 500 young men from the presidential program for the rehabilitation of youth leadership and was issued orders to distribute them to government bodies to create the start of the I have seen the proposals submitted and the government quickly amended the law of demonstration and put it before the of within fifteen days I think I sure that the youth issues And their aspirations are what constitute the identity of the future of . I assure all that is an independent country and believes that its dreams will be made only by the hands of its sons . I would like to say to you with all sincerity that the recent economic reform measures required a high degree of transparency and creativity . We are determined God willing to move forward to face the challenges facing the country . I will be happy to be with my sons and daughters the sons of the people of . thanks you for maintaining your pride and dignity . Let me start by greeting the people of . It is a tribute to every and . From to succeed . The emergence of a lighter not only on but on its unity and steadfastness . We begin to address issues that touch national security in an unprecedented manner in our media . We must find ways to break the old rules of collecting outstanding people for the advancement of . The creation of the human form is not limited to knowledge only we must bear in mind the other axes and that society is ready to cooperate with us . Let us take advantage of the experiences of other countries so that can rise . President launched the conference will be awarded the for the first monthly meeting of the . fully supports the nomination of the for the position of of the . I support the candidacy of to the presidency of and I call upon all to support her . I extend my sincere congratulations to the team for its victory . I extend my sincere greetings to the great people and the masses who encouraged the preparation of the paper . Recommendations of the First Youth The first of its issues and themes is the adoption of the initiative to eradicate illiteracy in the . The call of political parties and political forces to prepare programs and policies that contribute to spreading the culture of volunteering through all political means and tools has started and laid the foundations for correcting religious discourse in the framework of preserving the identity with all its cultural and historical dimensions . In addition to the extensive representation of youth groups the launch of a national working paper represents a comprehensive strategy to consolidate Values principles and ethics The creation of the government in cooperation with and the and the concerned authorities in the State to hold an extensive community including specialists experts and intellectuals The launch of the government in coordination with the concerned authorities of the State to study proposals and projects to amend the law presented by young people during the conference For young people attended by representatives of young people of all spectra and trends to review the position of all recommendations The bodies of the media and media organizations to create a review of the recommendations made in the field of education provided that the results are presented in the next monthly meeting to create the future of our nation promising and will remain in the hands of its young people . We will always keep repeating live the launch of a national council in cooperation with the prime minister to qualify youth cadres from Through the systems that support the identity that the to submit its report within 15 days from now the creation of the formation of a national committee of young people under the supervision of the Presidency of the To review the position of young people imprisoned in cases and have not been issued any judicial rulings creative start we have to create a between us always state and the people of creativity start all the youth of my children and keen to listen to them without reservations to create the first was an opportunity to exchange views and hear the opinion and the other opinion is a young nation and its youth represent a national revolution for our nation and must be invested in it . Launch on Periscope The Closing Ceremony Commemorative photos with the youth of the conference in the last days of the events The of the of the Youth The conference was successful in presenting a platform in which all of is creative . There is a way out for each problem but there are elements that aim at destroying . Creativity . The society must take its turn and it is time to put our hands in each other hands to find solutions to our problems . The debate today between young people and officials is a strong proof of the absence of the principle of monopoly on the rule of innovation the launch of will advance to the best Always and we need more time to keep up with the developed countries . We are keen to elect the geniuses of the 90 million and we have to find a mechanism for that . Let start a on Periscope The l The study of the causes of violence and the return of the masses The launch of on Government 7 We must work and build so that no one looks at us as weak creative With a number of countries as a result of the publication of unconfirmed news . Launching the Live on Conference The impact of the media on the industry of youth opinion . We will not wait until 2017 . We will meet monthly to review the recommendations that were put forward and to review what has been implemented and what has been failed . Create a live broadcast of the youth conference Session of the relationship between the file of public freedoms and political participation The President The economic activity of the armed forces Only 1-1.5 of the economy of President We are enough to embarrass ourselves and we have to work to get out of current crises President It was necessary to enter the armed forces economic field because the volume of work required was very large President forces responsible for the national security of the country Of the Auditing Organization President forces are currently preparing 8 million food packages at half price President We bear because our circumstances are difficult .. And the adequacy of dependence on our brothers President will be delivered 1300 projects before the end of 2018 President forces pay taxes like any institution LIVE on President participation in the exchange rate crisis politics the reasons and solutions Let start on President participate in a crisis session Exchange rate monetary policy the reasons and solutions The emergence of during the sessions of the addressed the issue of social housing and provided more than 170 thousand housing units The political and parliamentary work at the first national conference has achieved great enrichment and the process of rehabilitation of young people has required more than a year of We offer all support to women who have faced the challenges despite the economic difficulties and are more afraid of others for the security of the country during the sessions of the youth conference . Every action you take and work out schedules is of interest to any honest and faithful person who remains faithful and faithful to and not to the President during the sessions of the openness and openness are in the interest of national security even though they reveal part The president The young deputies were elected freely and they were not available before so you are the bridge between the state and the people especially in the face of counterfeiting the president . On 3 we issued a very disciplined statement and keenness on the state . The President We are all as responsible for the state of creation . The President I always echo the need to push young people to the forefront . President youth is fine and able to express himself with confidence In an interview with the President of the is destined to face challenges but we can overcome them . The president We must spend the time we have in work and struggle not differences . The President I hope that the youth of will be the best people in this world . President We can not solve our problems by traditional methods . The President is its primary goal is to build the human personality and not to impart creative information . The President I have a great conviction that education is the foundation of creativity . on Vision The President We are meeting today to support the young people raising the slogan of creativity . Let us stand a minute of mourning for the martyrs of our martyrs . The President and appreciation to the martyrs of who fell and fall every day to keep creative . President Our economic program aims to reach support for those who deserve it . debt bill The President measures are difficult but inevitable The President The are stronger than the difficulties President is the real hope for a better future PRESIDENT We will not leave people without protection The President We are proud of what the people have accomplished during the 150 years which is the history of parliamentary life in the country . President A few days ago the second legislative term of the of began and he realized that he has serious responsibilities . President Last year established a new phase of life President The parliament has undergone many changes since its founding . will always remain a strong and strong nation with its noble people . Long live . Long live . The President of the of The glorious War will always remind us that nations live by the sacrifices of their peoples and that will only rise up to the efforts of its loyal young people . Let me pay tribute to the armed forces and their honorable sons who sacrifice their lives to protect the country borders . The President The War taught us that the relationship between the people and their armed forces is the key to victory . The PRESIDENT I confident that the efforts of the sincere people of will bring about the progress that the people aspire to achieve . President Over the past two years we have launched national projects in various fields and sectors in order to improve the living conditions of citizens . The President I assure you on this occasion that we are working hard to achieve the hopes of providing the best reality they deserve . The President I am confident that the people of will be able to overcome all the challenges facing the country from the current development and economic challenges . President The victory of confirmed the ability of the people to overcome various difficulties and overcome all challenges . President of and so on I congratulate the great people of and its armed forces on the occasion of the passage of years of the anniversary of the victory of the glorious war . President No one will be able to undermine the relationship between and its brethren . President The Security and the of the of the Security President We deal with all countries in a balanced manner and leave the opportunity for some to review their positions President Responsible before God and before you for the protection of our nation President No one can harm and we have ready plans for the deployment of the army in within 6 hours to protect the country . President The project of 100 thousand greenhouses will increase the size of vegetables in the market and will provide irrigation water . The president The armed forces are the property of the people and reject any attempt to question their efforts . A program to increase the supply of goods affecting the citizen and the government is committed to control prices within two months President The purchasing power of the citizen has increased to more than 200 billion pounds in the recent period without an increase in supply from President By 2015 50 of villages in will have sewage . President and dignity program organized by of covers 1.5 million Introducing new projects with the necessary facilities and licenses for young people to start work immediately President We will not move forward if we rely on traditional ways to implement projects President justification for casualties as in a compound accident and there are a lot of jobs in our country The most important words of President at the meeting on the crisis The President There is no time to waste time and every passing day increases suffering and is keen to resolve and committed to working with partners to find a solution to the crisis . The PRESIDENT We welcome the agreement on cessation of hostilities in which was reached under auspices . The President Those responsible for the bombing of the relief convoy in must be held accountable . The President can play a role in the negotiations especially in light of our good relations with all parties . President A permanent agreement on a in must be reached . The President A solution to the crisis must be reached through negotiation away from the ambitions of terrorist groups . President plays an active role in bringing together the parties and supporting the implementation of the agreement as a way to restore the unity and authority of the state President We have a real opportunity to write a bright page in the history of the region to move towards peace President notes the importance of harnessing the global financial system for a fair global economic system that provides equal opportunities FOR COUNTRIES Developing countries need an appropriate international climate with a greater share of trade is implementing huge national projects including the expansion of the road network the establishment of electric and renewable power stations and the development of infrastructure and manufacturing capabilities . The President is steadily implementing an ambitious plan of economic reform that respects the social dimension and the life requirements of the people . is moving steadily to implement an ambitious plan for economic development President has engaged with the parties to the conflict in and In order to reach a solution to the end of crises President Humanity to regain the essence of humanity away from the policy of monopoly which dominated the President I call on the to pay more attention to counter extremism and terrorism President stressed that the elimination of terrorism is only to deal with its roots President is a serious threat which requires intensive cooperation . President sought to support the structure of security and stability President is living in a delicate situation and a major political crisis President We have a real opportunity To reach a solution to the issue to achieve greater security and stability for the and sides . President We call for an immediate end to the ongoing war in and resume negotiations as soon as possible President received half a million considered by the state as their sons President continues to be the cornerstone of achieving security and stability in the President The people of were able to achieve stability and protect the state and its main institution was among the 22 countries that set its vision for sustainable development . President To real opportunities for sustainable development President Undoubtedly the aspiration of peoples is our main responsibility President speech before the of the President speech at the refugee summit on the sidelines of the The President I affirm commitment to support efforts to deal with asylum and migration issues . I call upon all of you to enhance cooperation and resolve political conflicts in the region . President has strengthened its efforts to raise awareness about the dangers of illegal immigration of youth and rehabilitate those who wish to emigrate . Refugees receive equal treatment for citizens in education health and housing services and benefit from the commodity support system . President We received 5 million refugees and work on We are more concerned with the phenomenon of xenophobia and racial discrimination against refugees and migrants which are escalating in many parts of the world . The President We all agree that the fight against illegal immigration is at the top of our international priority . President forces The government has developed the development of refugee legislation in . The President speech at the summit of the refugees on the sidelines of the of the President ally of the God willing .. Long live President of has lost great value in the departure of the scientist President I thank all the institutions of the State for the effort exerted under the difficult circumstances experienced by the world . No one can get or its people Chairman I would like to thank the and its employees and all those responsible for the private projects in the country The president The country is building a future for its people and always in the way forward and no one can frustrate the will of the . The people have the ability to distinguish between good and bad President I pay tribute to the people on the anniversary of the opening of the new Canal The President of the celebrates the anniversary of the inauguration of the new Canal President meets with one of the study groups of the presidential program for the rehabilitation of young people for leadership each year and our great people and our dear and our and nation and the peoples of the world in all good and reassurance and happiness . The holy month of falls on us in its spirituality which cleanses the hearts and blessings of the . Watch the documentary film in two years on the occasion of the two years since the accession of President the Presidency of the See the full of President with the media official channel of President The President I think that I said in the theater of exile or the world ... and I will stay the world The President The prepared more work and I ask them to bear the difficult conditions we are going through and more effort and work . President We welcome investors in all fields and invite them to play their role in the development of society President An investment map is being implemented to develop the new roads President I ordered that the national road projects be the responsibility of the armed forces President We are working to create hope and the media to highlight what is done to give hope to the President We are working to miss the opportunity of attempts to divide between and sister countries and we succeeded in that We need to develop the concept of human rights and is a country that respects its people and deals with values principles and is keen on its independence without prejudice to anyone . President When I warned of the sites of social communication did not warn of the youth of and wanted to draw attention to the source of information and published . President We have young people and cadres appreciate the image of the world is good President We have completed the upgrading and development of 2000 youth centers in cooperation with the Ministries of and President I call on young people to provide a real model for the youth of to take responsibility President There is no dispute with the media and the press and there is no media in the world without leadership President of the 90 of the youth in prisons are serving a sentence for criminal offenses President We are working on preparing and preparing youth for leadership and opened the door to anyone who sees himself preparing to participate in the initiative of youth rehabilitation for the leadership President of his children and young fine President It is the right of young people to hear us and hear them and young conscious and fine and must be given the opportunity President has full freedom to discuss the civil service law and the administrative apparatus of the state needs a million or less employee President I did not feel bad for the rejection of the civil service law because that is one of its functions and I refuse to question the state institutions President Our national projects are estimated at 400 million and we are all keen to go into the smallest details to prevent any corruption . President There are no determinants to prevent the regulatory bodies with all their validity and the corrupt is the one that allows jitter President the live broadcast of the President on the official channel of President President The hands of the regulatory bodies in full and not at all constrained to give them more confidence President We are all in for chronic problems of very long years and construction requires time effort and patience President In my age I saw restrictions on imports and import large numbers not all production requirements Chairman of the Board I appreciate the citizens complaints about the high prices and look at them President We have 30 million subscribers and paid by the citizen does not cover the cost of services provided to him and we need to rationalize consumption President of the Republic The idea of aimed at rationalization due to our difficult economic conditions and negotiated with to get the best offers .. President In order to achieve the balance must be able to deter any attack on us or our brothers President Having the capacity to grow one and a half acres is a goal in itself and 80 of its water is groundwater and wells President We have been working for two years in the project of one million and a half acres and existing water for agriculture for the project enough for more than a hundred years President We move in the file of education and health and there is a great time and effort is wasted and we still need a lot of time President I mentioned that everyone who will apply for an apartment in the social housing project will respond to his request President I do not reject and no difference and most important is to agree on the interest of the country In the name of President I call on the to be the heart of one man Two years on the rule of President Stabilizing the pillars of the state requires restoring our confidence in ourselves and in each other Watch the live broadcast of the President on the official channel of the President of the on The President Over the past months there have been attempts to target state institutions individually President is now a state full of institutions and we must work now to establish the state In the past two years the president the length of what the people one hand will not affect us conspiracies President The issue is an attempt to destroy the state within it and the are still in cohesion and interdependence and we must work to increase the cohesion of the bloc President The people of evil are all those who seek to harm the people and the state .. And the know them President On a personal level fear was not present in the rush or recklessness but the responsibility to the oath I swear President We tried to find formulas for understanding between the state and the system of government 30 and the fear of the and their future President I appeal to all with appreciation and greetings and I hope to receive my acceptance and satisfaction from them President information systems is one of the axes of and we are the work of an integrated system to combat corruption Watch the live broadcast of the President on the official channel of President on After a while the of the president of the with the media tonight at the seventh and a half on the channels President inaugurates the first and second phases of housing Now President he is on a tour of the fertilizer plant and he is listening to an explanation of the new expansions . President I extend my greetings to all the people President of the I would like to thank the Ministries of and Environment the and the Government of the President of the project will provide fertilizers for the local market Exportation is a value added to the economy President All appreciation to all countries that rushed to support efforts to search for the wreckage of the plane President of has access to a depth of 3000 feet President Attorney General took action to investigate the crash and search for debris continuously by the armed forces . President All hypotheses are possible in the crash of the aircraft and on the media to investigate the accuracy of the information . President The handling of the plane accident has been well since the beginning of the crisis and a crisis management cell was formed in all sectors of the state . The President I extend my condolences to the families of the victims of the and foreign aircraft of . President We need 900 million a month to complete our energy needs . President We pay the foreign partner his share in the dollar and we made a great effort to solve the problem of power cuts and lack of natural gas President The suffer A lot of instability and security and we are in dire need to accelerate the completion of national projects . Now Minister of . presents the strategy of the of work within the government program . Now President arrives in to open a number of projects . The President receives a telephone call from the monarch to offer condolences to the victims of The President receives a telephone call from the President for the victims of President receives a telephone call from the Secretary of State . The President receives a telephone call from the Prime Minister of The President receives a telephone call from the Prime Minister . The continues its meeting and discusses a number of internal issues meets Secretary of The President receives the and The President meets with the Minister of and President with the Prime Minister and the Minister of A telephone conversation between President and President The President receives the Defense Minister The President is witnessing the first production of the project of reclamation and development of one and a half million acres . President during the opening of the new headquarters of the of in an urgent statement from the Presidency of the on the incident of the killing of citizen President during his visit to the on the 34th anniversary of the Day . President speech at the 34th anniversary of the Day President addresses the people shortly after the liberation of . President meets with the prime minister and a number of ministers . President will meet on with representatives from the society . The president will bid farewell to the of the Two at after concluding his visit to . In order to brief them on the latest developments in the internal and external political situation . President will meet next with representatives from the society . The president will hold a session of extensive talks with the of the Two and grant him the necklace . Official account of President Welcoming King to the of the Two King bin I welcome my brother King of the Two Holy Mosques on the land of his second homeland The President receives a delegation of members of the headed by President gives president necklace and holds a session of talks The president is telephoning the president praising handling of the hijacking of the President receives a phone call from His Majesty the King of The President meets members of the for Women The President receives the Deputy Prime Minister for Higher Education and President receives The President meets with the Prime Minister the and the new Deputy Ministers after taking the oath of office Ministers and new Deputy Ministers are sworn in before the President President meets with a group of writers and thinkers . The President meets with the Housing Minister the Chairman of the and the Assistant Minister of for Projects . President during his tribute to the ideal mother from various of . The President meets with the youth of the Presidential Program for Rehabilitation The President surprises one of the groups of students in the presidential program for the rehabilitation of young people to lead and attend an open with young people on the most important issues President honors the ideal mother from different provinces Statement of the Presidency of the on the traffic accident which was subjected to the pilgrims in . In the memory of the liberation of we draw inspiration from the solid will that has made sacrifices for the return of the land and the establishment of peace . The President meets with the for and Research The president gives a to newspaper La I would like to pay tribute to the woman in her day which comes in commemoration of the martyrdom of the homeland . to the official channel of President on From The President meets with the Prime Minister to review the finalization of the Government program for submission to On the anniversary of the martyrdom of the team I offer a tribute of appreciation and pride to the martyrs of the righteous . The president receives a telephone call from President . issued by the and sides on the occasion of the President visit to The president arrives in from . The president is on a visit to President on a visit to the in . statement by the and sides on the occasion of the President visit to See visit to The president meets at his residence in with the famous Sumo player The President meets with the President of the and a delegation from the The official reception ceremony for President on his arrival at the Prime Minister Residence in . The President meets the President of and Chairman of The text of President speech before the parliament The President meets with the Prime Minister of and holds an extensive session of talks with the delegations of the two countries The Presidency of the expresses its appreciation to on the occasion of the conclusion of his duties . President of the . President official reception on arrival in the . by the President of the Statement by the President of the President . President receives a delegation of parliamentarians The president will start an tour tomorrow including and . See the speech of President during the launch of the strategy of sustainable development vision of 2030 President live . President I am working in a year and a half who have gone missing in twenty years and greet the President We are trying to provide a better future for our youth and we have agreed with the investors with the implementation of all projects with labor President No one can get as long as the are one block President The challenge has not ended and there is a community consensus since 30 and I wish to communicate with all segments of society 2030 President We are building the democratic state in difficult circumstances and there is still a lot of work to be done to each other President Staying means preserving the institutions of the state and does not mean that we are negligent in the performance of those institutions The President If you want to reform your country with great diligence stand by some of the institutions of the state President The representation of women in the parliament representation of women in parliament in the world President The origin of the state is the institutions of the state . We have exerted great effort in building strong institutions that work for the future . President The battle of survival is an internal and external challenges . There is a great effort in the file of foreign policies of and our relations with the world are improving continuously . President The size of the internal debt in 2011 one billion pounds and doubled on this figure over four years ago . President Preserving the state is a battle of building and survival . broadcast The President Our brothers in the Gulf have helped us a lot and stood by in times of distress and we have every respect and respect The President The total amount raised by the of Life of 4.7 billion pounds including one billion of the armed forces President back to the of is being studied for the construction of 600 thousand housing units . President share of water has not changed and we target 500 thousand cubic meters per day and we are working to double that figure The President There are those who question the ability of the state to achieve its objectives and today I advise you with all the details to know the amount of effort exerted . President Plans to set up water treatment plants within two years to produce quantities equivalent to what has been produced in 20 years President We have completed the work of developing three airports and are working intensively to complete the development of ports within two years . President Add 50 of energy production in by 2017 . President .. is an interest other than my country President The energy problem in was completed in one year at a cost of 150 billion pounds broadcast President The completion and paving of 6 thousand km by the year without prejudice to the amounts allocated for road maintenance President is suffering from a lack of infrastructure and we are working to compensate for this deficiency and establish a real state President My words to all .. Our policy is to build and maintain the state . The President In my speech to the people deputies I said that there are many conspiracies to bring down and the events between the people and the state institutions . Now Speech of President A documentary about the Presidential is now on display Now The Minister of and reviews the results of the duties entrusted to the in the development and rehabilitation of youth . The President Prefer my son and in my country until the end of my life or my age ... . The task is difficult and necessary to bear . Now Speech of President broadcast of the effectiveness of the vision of on the link Participate in the official channel of President on through the link Now Speech by the Governor of the on the financing of small projects for young people 2030 Watch the live broadcast of the effectiveness of sustainable development strategy on the official channel of President on Now presents a presentation of the psychological and intellectual conditions of youth Now A documentary film will be presented to explain the strategic objectives of Vision 2020 for . Now Minister of Planning presents a strategy for sustainable development . Prime Minister presents the Government program for the implementation of sustainable development Watch the live broadcast of the for through the following link The President receives the Secretary General of the World Tourism Organization . The President will meet in with a group of investors and businessmen participating in the Forum . President during his speech at the opening of the 2016 Forum Statement of the tripartite committee meeting between and and the joint issued by the meeting . President with the Heads of and Government and delegations participating in the Forum . The President presented these legislative amendments to the of within 15 days to discuss them . Ensure the security performance in the street to ensure accountability for anyone who violates the right of citizens without right . However it is necessary to confront these acts by law to stop them in a deterrent manner and to hold those responsible accountable which requires legislative amendments or enactment of new laws . The president pointed out that despite the withdrawal of some irresponsible behavior to a number of individuals on this national apparatus which has done much for the homeland . President stressed that the powers granted To some members of the security forces but primarily to preserve the lives property and interests of citizens . The President briefed the Minister of on the latest developments in the internal security situation in the country especially following some recent events . On his arrival in President met with Minister of . President participates in the funeral of the late and her son suffers from a serious chronic illness . Meet her and discuss her problem and solve it immediately . President directs to discuss the demands of the woman who appealed to him in parliament and assigned his office to contact her . I declare before you the representatives of the people by the transfer of legislative power to the elected parliament . The President May preserve and its people and live . Long live Speaker I see hope in your eyes you are the deputies of the honorable people and the homeland calls you and we will establish together a strong young state . The president speech We have a dream that we apply and our people look forward to all of us with great hope The President We have a hard work to defend the state . We must not forget that we succeeded in defeating a conspiracy . We have to realize that there are those who are lying to the president . I recommend you to serve the national interest of the country . The president speech to the president parliament I have reassurance and joy and I am a representative of the disabled in the parliament of the President of the President I address you through women The voice of the nation conscience The President to the The President The homeland is a challenge that makes fear legitimate and makes hope inevitable of the President of the The President to invest friendship and seek to strengthen our relations with all countries of the world and call on the international community to unite to fight terrorism of the President of the The President We reap our foreign policy by obtaining a seat on the at its current session . Speaker I assure you that there is much to offer to the simple people of our nation who have suffered from marginalization for many years . President speech The map of education and knowledge represents national security and we launched the of the President of the The President My constitutional powers have used amnesty for a number of young people who have been sentenced and trying to contain young people President speech We started with the expansion and cultivation of one and a half million acres and the national projects that we launched provided 1 million jobs for one million citizens . President speech We have not forgotten our primary goal of rebuilding the state as a modern democratic state . Today we are moving to the starting stage . Speaker The must put the supreme interests of the nation in mind The President Speech I have never failed to perform a task or a mandate . The president speech The decided to enforce their will and move towards economic social and cognitive advancement of the President of the The President Today announced the transfer of the legislative authority to the elected of and today the state is completing the construction of its constitutional institutions . President speech We stand at the moment of the nation age and completed the road map on the day we got home from those who wanted to kidnap him . The President I extend to all of you my congratulations on the precious trust which the people have given you . I invite you to stand a minute of mourning for the martyrs of . We know the President efforts at home and abroad . The people of stand behind you in the march of national action . of the President of the What is happening in the region around us is not far from us and terrorism to and no homeland of the President of the to the martyrs of the homeland of the armed forces and the police and will remain steadfast and capable of the President of the the best will find thanks and support and those who neglect the people will be God after him . of the President of the Our objectives is that the of be transparent and continuous with all groups and individuals and listen to their proposals of the President of the We feel the great responsibility to achieve the best for the public good and enact legislation that meets the needs and circumstances of society of the Speaker of the The composition of the new parliament is a genius that gives room for and puts the parliament among the best in the world . We celebrate the 150th anniversary of the beginning of parliamentary life in and we are delighted to honor the President of the President of now Speaker of the of read the decision to invite the to convene . of the President of now President arrives in the of to deliver his first speech before the of . The speech of the President of the after President addresses the of by the President of the The President receives an expanded delegation from the headed by the Chairman of the . The President receives the Prime Minister of the of the The president opens 34 new projects with investments of 16 billion pounds . The President meets with his counterpart and the President of on the sidelines of the meetings of the and The President participates in the meetings of the and the Peace of in . President speech at the 25th anniversary of the revolution . President during the honoring of the families of police martyrs during the celebration of the police day . President The people of the martyrs of the police assured me that their sons are the redemption of . Now President hands over a number of distinguished police martyrs . Now President attends the Police Day ceremony at the Police academy . The text of the speech during the joint press conference with the President held at the Dome of the Dome President and President Xi are visiting the . President receives the President of the President in welcoming the citizens who have been repatriated from President I thank the government and for their efforts to release the . President We thank all officials for cooperating in the release of the detainees President received 20 citizens at airport Returning from after ending his detention President We can not leave citizens in danger of President For the came after long efforts in cooperation with the authorities President meets and and the head of the The President meets with the Minister of the . President of the during the celebration of the day of youth strongly The President congratulates the brothers by . The President receives the Minister of of and stresses pride in the close cooperation relations with The president issues a public decree inviting the of to convene and a general decision to appoint 28 members of the of . Side of the combat performances for teachers at the 152 graduation ceremony . The President visits the headquarters of the Project The President meets with the and to prepare for the next meeting on The president makes a phone call to the president to offer condolences on the death of his son The President receives the Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister of The President receives a telephone call from Prime Minister Now the third phase of the presidential program for the rehabilitation of youth at the of Languages the . S homepage Tests of the third phase of the presidential program for the rehabilitation of young people in the center of the island youth . S homepage Tests of the third phase of the presidential program for the rehabilitation of youth leadership in the center of the youth of the island . The examinations take place in four places in and and the exams will last for three days With the strength of 3251 advanced exam in and and the exams continue over three days . The third stage of the selection of applicants for the presidential program for the rehabilitation of young people for leadership . President receives the martyrs of the martyrs and . The President receives the credentials of 17 new ambassadors President receives President of the President receives Minister of and President with the Prime Minister of and the President of the of at the end of the trilateral summit . meets with Defense Minister by President during the press conference with the Prime Minister President meets with the Minister of and . The Thank you all and I wish you all the best . President your goal to preserve who upholds these values ... The president must succeed to break the unity of the homeland will not end and you have to be vigilant and more cohesive sacrifice and giving . President is related to your necks ... and the security of the people and the stability of the homeland is your duty . The President I understand that there is a lot of pressure to tighten the security situation and fight terrorism and I know that you are the people to bear the difficult conditions . President I thank the police for their efforts in securing the electoral process and I appeal to you for more efforts . The President We do not want any individual practices to affect the cohesion of the army the police and the people . President The police officer must be a shopkeeper and work to preserve the great values by the police to the people . President The slogan of the people the army and the police is not a word and we must all work to consolidate the rule of law . The President I was happy to have a with students of the police academy and the police are playing a great role in difficult circumstances . President Receives the Governor of the . President receives interior minister by President to the of and . of President Before the 21st session of the of the to the . The most important thing in the speech of President before the climate summit The President We affirm solidarity with in the common war on terrorism . The President We seek to provide a better future for our peoples and for future generations . President Before the conference approved a comprehensive plan for sustainable development until 2030 . President It is essential that the agreement reflects the commitment to provide 100 million dollars for developing countries affected by climate variability . The continent calls for an international agreement to ensure a global goal that limits harmful emissions . The PRESIDENT Is the least contributing to the total harmful emissions and the most affected by climate variability President We meet today to meet the challenges of climate change and will not complete the effort without reaching an international agreement to preserve the environment . President of the Summit I would like to extend my sincere condolences to the people on the victims of the terrorist attacks . President meets President . The president visits the prime minister office and holds a meeting with Prime Minister . President during the giving of the start of the implementation of the Development Project . Learn about the main axes of the Development Project . The president will travel to tomorrow to participate in the opening of the Change Conference President accepts bin The Presidency of the condemns the bombing of the presidential guard bus which took place today in the capital . The President receives a number of leaders and stresses the importance of upgrading relations . President during his vote in the second phase of parliamentary elections this morning . President during his speech on the sidelines of the signing of the agreement to establish the nuclear plant in the seventh . Signing the agreement for the establishment of the nuclear plant in . President receives justice ministers The President meets with the Minister of and The president is telephoning the president to offer condolences in the terror incidents . The President meets with the heads of major publishing houses to launch the project . The Presidency of the condemns in the strongest terms the terrorist incidents that occurred in several areas in the capital . President meetings during his participation in the summit of and countries in . The PRESIDENT I that our meeting today is a page of relations between the and countries and looks forward to further investments with countries . President We are working to take advantage of the energies of young people and protect them from the dangers of extremism violence and terrorism . The President exerted in the fight against terrorism will not bear fruit without taking into account all economic and educational factors . President The opening of the Canal last August is proof of the real will of the . right Now by President during the opening session of the of the and countries President participates in the and in . The president will leave for tomorrow to participate in the summit of and countries . The President meets members of the of of and in a number of and countries . President during his visit to the sewage station in this morning The President shall meet with the to the Minister of for Projects the Chairman of the and and the Director of the . The president meets with his counterpart and stresses continued support for the legitimate rights of the people President meets with Secretary and leaves for return home President receives of The text of the speech during a joint press conference with Prime Minister President meets with Prime Minister Prime Minister President upon his arrival at the . President activity during the first day of his visit to President of the Authority of meets with the Chairman of the on the first day of his visit to the . The President receives the Representative for and The President approves the establishment of the largest phosphate compound compound in in the region . The President We are pursuing a clear foreign policy not to interfere in the affairs of others and to respect the capabilities of the peoples . No one thanks to will be able to get . The President We have spent 17 months working and achieving great achievements . Within a year or two we will see satisfactory results . The President My words to the have left the goal that we are preserving our country . President We are beginning to see political forces being formed on the ground and there is no high place other than ours . President The role of the state in elections is insurance and transparency The political process is essential to our experience and we must make use of it in the future . President misleading threatens the development process and the media sector disasters President The problem of rain in was eliminated within 48 hours and we have to deal with our problems with the necessary awareness . President The past five years have had a negative impact on the capacity of the executive organs of the state which led to long accumulations in the executive performance of the state . President All state agencies are working to provide support for small and medium industries . The President includes training and rehabilitation centers design centers international exhibitions and medical centers with the primary objective of developing local industries . President There is a huge challenge in the file of population growth which mainly affects the citizen sense of economic growth . President The new city for the furniture industry will be a real sign of a revolution in the field of furniture industry in in a scientific way . President forces in cooperation with the state will provide basic commodities to the citizen at an appropriate price . President God willing in the end This month the state will intervene aggressively to regulate prices appropriately to suit the conditions of the . President My words to the business I can not get close to people money and we are a state law with a real commitment to its people . President We are moving on two tracks of investment encouraging current investments and equipping the state for opportunities for future investments . President Investing in the infrastructure of the country opens up real doors for investment and provides huge jobs . President We need the unity of society not its division and what was accomplished was a dream And thanks to God for his achievement . The President We are making the political decision at a time when we must preserve the stability of the state and what happened in is the will of the president . The railway in is not ready to provide decent service to the citizen and the investor . The President All state institutions must advance to assume responsibility and fully understand the size of the conditions and challenges facing the development file . President and businessmen prepared to eliminate the gas problem by the end of . President 150 billion pounds cost of justice On the problem of electricity in a year and a half and the state carried it under difficult economic conditions . President The problem of electricity started in before the revolution of years and we succeeded in building an energy network sufficient to meet the needs of citizens and investors in a year and a half . President We have faced many challenges in the investment portfolio especially in the field of energy . The President The living conditions of the majority of are difficult and we are taking careful steps in the investment file without compromising the lives of the citizens . The President We will work in the coming period to achieve concrete results in the field Criminal Security in parallel with the work on the development file . The President The support of terrorism has failed to prolong the basic facilities of the state we protect the state and we do not protect the regime . President martyr right which ended before brought fruit and continue to eliminate completely and completely on terrorism . President Our armed forces have deployed heavily to secure our western borders since the fall of the regime . President We face many problems and challenges and we achieved a lot in the file of internal security and the elimination of terrorism in the and on our western border . The President Since my candidacy I have made it clear that the real challenge for us is the unity of the and as long as we have the heart of one man we can solve all the problems . The PRESIDENT I keen to maintain constant communication with the people on a monthly basis and today speech on the challenge and hope . Now President during a speech at the educational seminar of the armed forces I invite you to stand for a moment of mourning for the lives of the victims of the plane disaster . The President arrives in and holds a meeting with His King bin President during his visit to the tomb of the late . President arrives in and meets President . The President concludes his visit to the to visit the tomb of His bin . A little while ago bin welcomes President on a tour of the streets of . The President meets with the of to discuss the situation in and discuss the most important files . The President monitors developments in the situation in and emphasizes the provision of care for those affected and the provision of urgent assistance to the families of the deceased . The president receives the envoy for . President addresses the nation shortly after President meets with Minister of and Minister of President is telephoning President meets with Minister of President attends the evening celebration of the victories of the glorious War The PRESIDENT We are honored by the presence of His President and we are pleased to be with him today . The President I offer my greetings to all the and tell them to commit ourselves to work and patience and we will find many achievements over the next few years . President We are moving in a large project to train and qualify teachers and develop the education file . President Within a few days we will launch the first 500 thousand and there is a real effort in the development file in order to reduce the burden of the limited citizen . President We have no interest in the choice but the interest of our country and we look at all our databases on who can bear the Secretariat . The PRESIDENT I everyone to give the new government the opportunity to work and it was necessary to create and support abroad . The President It is very important that we choose well who represents us in with all due diligence and ask all young people to go to the ballot boxes . The President We asked our media colleagues more than a year ago to implement the Charter of and I hope that we do not interpret statements without their real meaning . President The next parliament is extremely dangerous and there is a lot of legislation expected to be issued through it . The President I highly appreciate the of for its efforts to serve the pilgrims during the year . The President We must know our religion and practice it as it suits us so that we do not abuse this religion . To the President I offer my sincere condolences to all the martyrs of the martyrs of the pilgrims in their wounded . The President Eliminating the sources of terrorism and funding for terrorists begins with the development and reform of religious discourse . President All that the people wish will be realized and no one will be able to impose their will on it . The President Because is with us no one can touch the people with any evil . The President The army has not and will not have any loyalty except to the and allow me to extend my greetings to . The President During the past months we have all seen the efforts being made to support and develop the capabilities of the army . The President Let us always remember that we have martyrs before in the war of attrition and martyrs to us now in our fight against terrorism and extremism . The President The army and the people are always with some and can never defeat one of the will of the . The President The army was fighting to restore dignity and liberate the land . The army is always keen to stand by the will of its people . The President One of the main reasons for the victory of 73 is the special relationship between the army and the people . The President to the spirit of and the generation who came out of from the state of refraction to the state of victory . Now Speech by President during the celebration of the 42nd anniversary of the glorious War . President during his visit to the of the this morning to celebrate the glorious . The President visits the of the and holds a meeting of the of the . President activity on the last day of his visit to President during his participation in the summit of combating extremism and extremism in the presence of a number of leaders of countries and governments details of the initiative hope and work for a new goal put forward by the President to the of the The King and the King of held talks on the sidelines of the The president meets the monarch in The president meets in with Prime Minister by President to the 70th session of the General Assembly President is looking forward to more participation in the establishment of international peace by obtaining a seat on the . The President The Government has launched a strategy for sustainable development beyond 2015 and the vision presented by as an extension of human history . The President I will This year the legislative elections are being held to share the people representation in the mapping of the future . The President What the does we must find a solution to the settlement of the issue . The President of the aggravation of the situation in and the settlement of the issue beginning with the establishment of a state on the 1967 borders with as its capital . President hosts brothers of refugees who share life and services with the people despite all the economic burdens President We uphold unity and territorial integrity and urge society To participate in supporting the people of . President is torn apart by an unprecedented humanitarian crisis and open ambitions and we call on the national forces to negotiate and get out of the crisis . The President I emphasize the need to continue to coordinate the international efforts to restore the nation from the hands of extremism and terrorism . President stands at the forefront of the countries and in the first row to confront the epidemic of extremism . We have followed in the persistence of terrorism in defying the fate of the people of . Inform a directory It is a divine will and there is no doubt that more than one billion refuse to speak extremism in their name President announced its intention to coordinate with the to launch the initiative of hope and action to confront the forces of extremism and terrorism with the participation of young President has witnessed a new era opening the Canal which proved the ability of to work sincerely Challenge the odds . The PRESIDENT I the greetings of the great people and congratulate the President of the session on his assumption of office Address by President to the President heads the delegation during the opening session of the general debate of the 70th session of the . President meets in with the presidents of and President of with every action that distanced wars from the region and we do not think about the peaceful use of nuclear energy . The President We have experience in working to lay the foundations for the beginning of genuine peace in the region and the establishment of an independent sovereign state with as its capital . President of I hope that will not fall into the hands of terrorism and extremism and the region faces many challenges in the face of extremism and terrorism . Now President speech With the network and a number of news channels . The President takes part in the working lunch on climate change negotiations The President meets with the of the at the headquarters of the in . President meets with presidents of and President holds intensive economic meetings in The President calls the of the Two . President meets President in The President holds meetings with the Prime Minister of and the Presidents of and President during his address to the on . of the speech during the opening session of the Summit to adopt the for beyond 2015 The Presidency affirms its solidarity with the of in this great casualty and stands by the in its efforts during the season . And calls upon the God to grant them the mercy of his mercy and to keep them in peace and to inspire their families and their families patience and solace . The Presidency of the extends its sincere condolences to the families of the victims of this incident from and other and countries . The President of the expresses deep sorrow and deep sorrow at the death and injury of hundreds of pilgrims As a result of the stampede that occurred yesterday in the area of . The President receives the Director General of the . President meets with the Director of the World Economic Forum President congratulates the people on the blessed by to and the countries with all goodness and blessings . The President issued . 386 of the year 2015 amnesty for one hundred young men imprisoned in cases related to violating the law of protest and some humanitarian and morbidity cases . Register now in the Presidential Program for for on the official website of the program President meets with the Prime Minister and a number of ministers President during his meeting with the new government following her The president holds a meeting with the new government after being sworn in by President during the press conference with the President of the The President receives a phone call from King Learn about the stages of participation in the Presidential Program for Rehabilitation The stages of study that participants in the presidential program for the rehabilitation of young people to lead an explanatory video to identify the details of the stages of registration and participation in the presidential program for the rehabilitation of young people for leadership The is an independent entity affiliated to the Presidency of the . It is run through a specialized professional administration and is cooperated in implementing it by a number of state bodies and institutions by providing them with the latest theories of management and planning . and practical and the application of modern methods to address the problems surrounding the state aims at the presidential program for rehabilitation Youth leadership to establish a cadre of qualified youth qualified for the political administrative and community work in the Presidential Program for the rehabilitation of youth leadership President launches the presidential program for the rehabilitation of youth leadership President receives the Chairman of the on of the The President is inspecting the training activities of the students of the President speech during the dinner banquet hosted by the President of in honor of his sovereignty President and President at the end of the joint press conference by President during the press conference with the President of the of The President makes a telephone call to His Majesty the King of for condolences to the soldiers who were martyred in The President makes a telephone call to the to offer condolences on the martyrdom of the soldiers See visit to and through the link President on his arrival in the capital by President during the Symposium The President attends the joint Symposium President meets with Premier President holds a meeting with the President of President meets President Xi The official reception ceremony and the honor guard review on the second day of the President visit to President speech during lunch with businessmen President speech during the dinner hosted by the President in honor of his sovereignty President meets with businessmen President he will meet with the President and Prime Minister of The President begins his activities in by visiting the and Desalination Plant The President begins his activities in by visiting the for and a desalination plant See the photo album of President visit to from the link The president visits the of the of before leaving The President meets the President of the company working in the construction of nuclear plants President receives Deputy Prime Minister President meets President Official account of President President speech at the joint press conference with the President President meets with his counterpart President meets with the President of the of The President arrives in and receives the of at his residence He appealed to all those who expressed their desire to spread condolences in the press and the media to donate their value for charity . President expressed his appreciation for the feelings expressed by the masses of the great people for their sympathy in the death of his mother . The president addresses the educational seminar of the armed forces The President meets with a number of leaders of the armed forces to follow up the project of the See the opening photo of the new Canal on the link President on board Yacht with child channel President with the team on board channel The President holds bilateral meetings with a number of Heads of and Government attending the opening ceremony of President during the celebration of the inauguration of the new Canal Now plays the closing ceremony of the new Canal Watch the live broadcast on the official channel of the president Follow the closing ceremony of the opening of the new Canal on the official channel of President tonight My operetta is the voice of the stars and The President In the name of God the Gracious the behalf of the people of Greater we President authorize the President of the of to start the operation of the new Canal . The President deserves to do a lot for him and wait for his dedication to work . The President The development of the aims to establish a global economic zone witnessing the establishment of a number of new ports President We are winning terrorism in life and is not the country of the project The history of the is central to the emergence of civilizations and cultures and linking the to the . The President The launching of the maritime movement in the Canal highlights a goal for us . The future of will bring us security and stability in the shadow of a democratic state . President Let us dedicate our achievement to the righteous martyrs of and tell them that their lives will not go to waste . The President From the precious we draw from the book of human history the pages of pride and glory that the fathers The President Thank you very much to the Engineering Authority the Authority the contracting companies and the partnership of the derricks which contributed to the success of this great work . President I offer a tribute to the lives of our martyrs . This is a price we pay for humanity . President was a participant and even the foreigners involved in the project were keen to complete the project . President No one of the people will ever get the president You have to stop in front of the new Canal project and the joy of the has reached the world a message that they are still able to make Miracles of President What has been achieved in the Canal seriously under the circumstances that were going through from the fight against terrorism and extremism President will tell that it has addressed extremism and religious terrorism President progress to the world a gift for humanity for development for I am speaking to the people the majority of the citizens of and I have the full priority of the President . Allow me to speak with you from the heart in many countries in the world to teach their sons the civilization . For Team We invite you to sign the document of the operation of the new Canal and especially thanks to the heroes of the armed forces valiant and the engineering staff and staff of Authority ... . It was a dream and became the reality of the team Thank you to everyone who participated in this work and fell from the grain of sweat team We promise you to start from tomorrow August 7th to start the development project Canal axis Team We have promised The challenge was our motto and the homeland is our goal Team Today we celebrate an unprecedented achievement in history In accordance with the orders of the great people the project was completed in full . Team The people wanted to live on the 25th of and the 30th of . The excavation of the new Canal The military music is now playing the national peace of the of The main platform is ready to receive President and senior guests to sign the operation document of the new Canal President arrives at the main platform to welcome the distinguished guests of The second part of the celebration witnessed the signature of the President of the on the document of operation of the new Canal broadcast Now the military music band is playing the national songs just minutes before President enters President leaves to head to the guests inauguration ceremony is now enjoying a live broadcast of the opening ceremony of the new Canal on the official channel of President on from the link President and General are on board the is now enjoying a live broadcast from the opening ceremony of the new Canal on the official channel of the president of the link The joy of the in the opening of the new Canal in on with joy on the link Follow the live broadcast of the opening of the new Canal on the official channel of President with joy on the link President heads the meeting of the The Chairman meets the Chairman of the Authority with joy on the link with joy on the link The President receives a telephone call from the of the Two King bin Follow the official website of the new Canal through the link Official Website View the latest postings of with joy on the link Declaration President receives Pictures of the graduation of the new batch of military college and military technical college through the link President speech during the celebration of the graduation of new batches from the and the Military Technical College President is a new artery for international shipping . armed forces and police do not know fear . President in his speech during the graduation ceremony of a new batch of military college and the Gulf wings of national security . Official account of the new Canal President attends the celebration of the Police Academy graduates day Photos of the preparations for the opening ceremony of the new Canal live images of preparations for the opening ceremony of the new Canal The new channel See the album through the link ... ... ... ... Posts by See the album through the link ... ... The President is inspecting the atmosphere of the final works in the new Canal project The President attends the 82nd Airborne Graduation Ceremony and from . Official account of President The President meets with the Head of the of the Forces posts See the album through the link ... posts See the album through the link ... posts See the album through the link The President meets with the Minister of and The President meets with . Prime Minister posts link Watch the album of the link Share your photo with the words with joy or Canal We shared the joy of the with channel on of President during the of the and The President attends the graduation ceremony of the and The President exchanges greetings on the occasion of with a number of kings presidents and princes of countries And represents a new holiday in the nation long march through thousands of years And every year and the are fine President days separated from the celebration of the opening of the new Canal .. This project which carries the message of peace and development from to the world President receive the and in the hearts Remains the memory of the martyrs of who sacrificed their lives in order to remain stable stable against Those who want the evil of the president every year and the great people fine on the occasion of I wish God to make his days good days for me President in the framework of the initiative without President ordering the release of 42 women in the prison charity . All peace and security to you and to our country and you must remain sure that we are a prophet and peace and love and compassion between people President participates in the family breakfast The president met with the families and children of the martyrs during his participation in the ceremony of the second family banquet President during his participation in the family breakfast Official account of President The President in his speech during the second family breakfast ceremony I am not a president not a leader not a leader I am one of you President receives Foreign Minister The President meets with members of the The President meets with the Minister of and the Minister of and a number of security and military leaders The President receives the of the Prime Minister of . President receives a delegation from the President speech to officers and soldiers of the armed forces in Photos of the President of the inspection of elements of the armed forces in through the link President on his arrival to lead the armed forces in President of the Forces in will depend a lot on the army championships and its role in preserving the homeland The President of the was keen to wear military uniforms during his visit to to pay tribute to each member of the armed forces and to confirm his solidarity with them . . The President approves the for the fiscal year 2015-2016 The President presents the military funeral of martyr The Presidency of the mourns with great sorrow and sorrow the counselor . President receives the credentials of eleven new ambassadors Official account of President The President participates in the of Live The President receives a telephone call from the Secretary of State The Chairman meets the Chairman of the Authority President participates in the family breakfast . Photos of the opening of the villages of the initiative of the development of villages most in need The opening of four villages under the initiative of the development of villages most in need Official account of President President meets with ministers of justice population and planning . The President meets with the Education Housing and the Prime Minister . The President makes telephone calls to the King of the King of and the of to congratulate him on the holy month of President receives the of the of The Chairman meets the Chairman of the Authority The President receives a telephone call to congratulate for the holy month of The President receives a telephone call from the of the State of President receives Prime Minister The President receives Prime Minister for And to meet the family in a framework of alignment and unity in the name of our dear President may this great month with its patience and sacrifice cause us to make every effort to raise our dear homeland . I extend my sincere wishes that will return to and the the month of with good and blessings . President today issued a presidential decree granting amnesty to 165 young people who have been sentenced to prison terms . The President meets with the Minister of and . President meets with the Minister of and . The President meets with members of the Development Board President receives a telephone call from the president The president holds a trilateral summit with the president and the prime minister President meets with the prime minister and interior minister . President receives and Prime Minister The President welcomes the leaders of countries participating in the summit of the three economic blocs The President receives the President of the on the sidelines of the summit of the three economic blocs . President opening address to the summit of the three economic blocs in Official account of President On the assumption of President Efforts to develop health care General of the year President assumed office Efforts to develop education General of the year President assumed office Efforts to address unemployment and job creation General of the year President assumed office development efforts General of the year President assumed office Efforts to combat terrorism and restore security rule on the assumption of President ... The President receives the Minister of Affairs the and the of President receives Foreign Minister . Pictures of the opening of the President of a number of development projects through the link President inaugurates a number of development projects . Official account of President The president places a wreath on the monument in the . Photos of the visit of President of through the following link The official reception ceremony for President upon his arrival in . Official account of President President meets with parliament speaker President speech at the ceremony of his honorary doctorate from the of in President his arrival in the greetings of the community in are welcomed statement between the Government of the and the Government of President concludes his visit to with meetings with flags . President meets business community representative . President receives the majority leader in the parliament . The President of the salutes the who gathered to welcome him on the first day of his visit to . Follow the pictures of the first day of President visit to through the link The President receives the Foreign Minister and attends the economic closing session President meets with his counterpart . President salutes the who gathered to welcome him in front of his residence in the capital Chancellor We will work with the partner to combat terrorism and appreciate the effort exerted by to restore stability in the region . poses a danger not only to but to the whole world we understand all the conditions and conditions that is going through and we will work together on many files to document and consolidate our mutual cooperation . Chancellor at the press conference We look forward to strengthening relations with the partner The President There are measures In judicial proceedings we do not interfere in the judgments of the judiciary . in response to questions from the journalists The people who gave the former president the legitimacy and the one who withdrew the legitimacy from him the president thanks and appreciation to the and the people for their hospitality and hospitality . President We are keen on life and people as you are keen on it and national security is an extension of the security and stability of . The President The judiciary in is sovereign and independent . The PRESIDENT I explained to Chancellor clearly The dimensions of the death sentences in and assured her that the authority can never interfere in the provisions of the judiciary President fought religious fascism on 30 and the relationship of the with their army a special relationship . President I would like to thank all the living in who came to welcome the delegation during the press conference with Chancellor I would like to express my sincere thanks to Chancellor for her kind invitation to President . Chancellor to start a joint press conference . President during his participation in the inauguration of President as president of . President arrives in to participate in the inauguration of as president of . President is on an official visit to and . President receives Foreign Minister President attends the inauguration ceremony of the development of the after its development . Presidency of the launches an initiative to distribute 10,000 head of cattle . President discusses the development of a number of projects . President and appreciation to all the people of ... live President The challenges are great and the effort is also great and we are and ask everyone to do more . The President I call on the pharmaceutical companies to provide one million additional doses for treatment of a virus disease at a cost different from the cost of the market The President The strategic reserve of wheat amounted to 800 thousand tons which represents an increase of 210 compared to the previous period the implementation of the system of supply commodities for the number of 20 thousand outlets . President We have been working to ensure the provision of basic food commodities during the month of at reasonable prices and reduced to consumers President We face huge challenges in the field of energy and oil projects were carried out about 31.3 billion for exploration and petrochemical projects and development of gas fields . President television represents the national security of and can not stop broadcasting for even one minute . President The rates of implementation of the urgent plan to meet the electricity crisis during the summer months to add electricity capacity up to 3.6 President 10,000 head of cattle will be distributed to families most in need before . President speech The development and development of the most needy villages aims to develop and develop 1200 villages . President speech It was decided to allocate 500 million pounds for this respectable youth initiative in favor of the development of the most needy villages from the of Live The President I applaud the efforts of the to initiative in this direction . The number of villages that have ended in four months has reached 20 villages mainly in . The president is about to complete another 174,000 housing units before the end of this year with a total of 25 billion pounds . During the previous ten months the of completed the construction and delivery of 70,000 housing units to the middle income with a total investment of 9.5 billion . The President The purpose of establishing the national road network is the ease of linking the cities to each other . 47.5 President We move to the work of a city on an area of acres to promote the furniture industry portfolio and will discuss the launch of this project during the next month . The President in attracting investments is primarily aimed at creating jobs and improving the living conditions of the middle and people . The President speech Infrastructure projects that are currently being attended by nearly one million workers . The President There have been mechanisms to follow up the results of the economic conference at the level of government and presidency . President speech 1,000 wells were drilled out of a total of 4,000 wells to complete the one million acre project The Chief Minister speech The fish farms will be opened on the sedimentation basins east of the Canal in . President speech The new channel will open on August 6th and many heads of state have been invited to participate in the opening . The president speech concluded 65 of the work of the trenching with the largest rate of history in the history of 1.7 million cubic meters per day and the total number of rakes reached 39 . President is on the road to opening up with its extension and we will participate in the in next month . President national security is an integral part of national security The President The goal of the project is to provide an integrated urban community on areas suitable for agriculture in . President We are moving ambitious plans in the coming period towards the development of the and we will talk next time about the launching of many projects for the development of President to renew the religious discourse to date is not on the level of challenge required . The President Correcting the file of the administrative apparatus of the state and correcting its performance will succeed with the common will of the state and the people . The President The destruction of the tunnels in the buffer zone in was extended some of which reached 3 km . About 80 of them were destroyed . In a month the armed forces and police destroyed 150 terrorist outposts and arrested 188 wanted terrorists . The President I salute the people of for their steadfastness in the war of the homeland against terrorism to restore stability and safety to . President In 122 explosive devices as well as large quantities of firearms cartridges and ammunition of various types were seized . Head The seizure of terrorist elements is carried out under the rule of law and by a decision of the . The President All the organs of the state are working against the black terrorism that strikes the country and changed its tactics during the last period President speech efforts In 600 terrorist elements were arrested and the prosecutor decision was made to arrest them . The President speech resulted in the state redemption of 3.5 billion pounds and land redemption of 135 thousand square meters . President is being dealt with through two axes the first is the security confrontation and the prosecution . The second axis is the launching of a package of corruption and bribery . Legislation . The President There is a great deal of work and great achievement on the ground and more importantly the ability of to achieve . The President I salute all the employees of President Day Labor Day is an occasion to honor the workers efforts and demand more work The President I extend my greetings appreciation and peace to the people of in the third monthly meeting The president speech followed the speech of President tonight at the seventh hour On the first channel . President and Ambassador in receive returning from President orders the deposit of in for the care of elderly women in . President in a photo with a group of youth Foundation for road safety and youth . President congratulates His II and all the brothers on the occasion of the sun and the glorious resurrection . President responds to the appeal of the need who called for the restoration of her home which is about to collapse . President meets with a number of development associations in response to a request from the . President meets with the of the Forces President attends the 16th educational seminar and honors the families of the martyrs and the wounded of the war operations photo of leaders kings and heads of state participating in the Long live the nation President I thank the President of for his speech President has lived free . President will always be the heart of and the cornerstone of peace and security in the region . President The forces of darkness took back arms and the militias of and its allies with income and abroad turned on the state . President aims to protect from aggression . President I came to you from the wounded participating in the summit and I met So many challenges I can attend . President I thank the leadership and the people of for the good reception and the accuracy of the organization and this is not strange to . President I thank the of the Two for his speech and I invite His President to speak . King We are following with concern the development of events in and hope that the situation will stabilize for the safety of the dear people of . King It is time for the international community to shoulder its responsibilities towards achieving the peace initiative in the region . King Operation will continue The aggression is a great threat to the security of the region and we must all strive to confront such terrorist organizations . King witnessed the days before the economic conference to support sisterhood and we meet once again to face the challenges facing our nation . President Invite the of the Two to speak to the . President live the nation . The President The future of this nation depends on what we take today . Helping to take responsibility towards our peoples . The President We must pay tribute to the suffering of the people in light of repeated terrorist attacks and fully supports the government . The President We welcome the efforts and efforts of the government and hope that it can achieve the requirements of national reconciliation . President supports the aspirations of the people to build a democratic state and we are currently holding a meeting of the national forces in . The President We call on the international community to shoulder its responsibilities towards The situation in is becoming increasingly dangerous and complicated day after day in the shadow of the brutality of the terrorist organizations which requires support for the legitimate government in . The President The situation in threatens our security and it was necessary to take firm action to preserve the unity of and the safety of its lands and people . President We need to purify the religious discourse from the impurities of extremism and intolerance to show the value of the religion . We affirm our commitment to achieving social justice for all peoples . The President Forming a joint force without detracting from the sovereignty of any country as a tool to face the challenges facing national security President We will meet all attempts to intervene in the affairs and defend our nation is our right President We must work to increase awareness of the problems facing societies and some external parties seek to interfere in the sovereignty of states . President exploited the legitimate aspirations of citizens We have seen the ugliness of the crimes committed by terrorism to propagate the extremist ideology . President Our nation has not faced a challenge like today and the spread of sectarianism within our societies will divide this nation . The President The seriousness of the challenges facing the region has reached a great extent and we must confront them through a credible approach President All thanks and appreciation to the sisterly State of for its wise leadership of the previous session . President I declare the opening of the 26th session of the and welcome you to . Prince of We affirm the need for concerted efforts to find a solution that will restore security and stability to of The joint defense agreement was activated on the basis of Article 51 of the Charter and I appeal to the countries of the world to help the people of The conflict in will end only with a political solution The of The failure of the international community to address the crisis created a situation Of the chaos in the region of Four years have troubled our nation of unrest and instability and seek to create a common action of in the opening speech The political scene in our homeland is growing increasingly difficult and complex . The opening session of the 26th session of the in will now begin President recently received King II of on his arrival at airport to participate in the summit . The president bin received on his arrival at airport to participate in the and His King bin King of the of . is expected to meet with King bin King of . bin of the State of arrived in to participate in the which is scheduled to start soon . President of arrived at where he was received by President . heads the delegation of the of in the work of the summit which begins in . President met with his counterpart Abed who arrived at airport from . President of the of President arrived at the and was received by President . A part of the discussions held by President and King bin on the sidelines of the . The President also received the delegation led by President of the . Delegations continue to arrive at the where President received the delegation headed by the President President of the . President met with President and his accompanying delegation . arrived shortly before President to head his country delegation in the summit scheduled for tomorrow . Following the meeting President held a bilateral talks with the monarch on a number of issues of common concern . The King of bin Where he was received by President . President talks to the on the occasion of its anniversary . And greetings to every mother and donor .. Mother of the martyr and mother of the and the worker and teacher ... Mother honored by all religions .. Every year and every mother is okay . All thanks and appreciation to every mother and the countless sacrifices made to build a conscious generation loving his country . And all thanks to the men believed what they pledged to God for the redemption of the homeland and response to the aggression ... Long live every year and and its people okay on the occasion of the liberation of . A steadfast homeland capable of liberating its land and protecting its sovereignty with all military legal and diplomatic . On this day 19 March 1989 raised its flag on the land of with pride and the dignity of the steadfast homeland . During the filming of with the youth at the closing session of the conference live President during the closing session of the conference all thanks and appreciation to the youth to participate in the success of the conference President All thanks and appreciation to the companies and investment groups that participated in the success of this conference . President of the country is not talk and we want to make the president of the republic . The managed to change on 25 and 30 . If they want change again they are capable of change . And appreciation to the late King bin the late God willing the idea of President in the final speech of the This meeting will be held annually and we will meet with investors next year . will be at its peak on the second day of the conference . President will meet with a number of presidents and representatives of the countries participating in the conference . I would also like to thank the guests of dear representatives of the investment sector from all over the world for their generous and honorable attendance to all of on the land of . The opening of the witnessed huge attendance and participation from all genres of investors that marked the beginning of . I extend my thanks to His Majesty the and Highnesses Presidents and representatives of the governments and countries participating in the for their honorable and honorable attendance . Great turn out great audience great hopes for a better future President I greet you President of the of and investors El President I would like to extend my greetings to the Minister of and the team who contributed to the success of this event . President I invite companies and institutions seeking investment opportunities to learn about the possibilities and opportunities in . The huge diversification of the economy ensures huge success opportunities in all major investment sectors . The first phase of the 4 million reclamation project Development projects in agriculture and industry The president The administrative division plan for the of provides many opportunities for investment in the private sector in several areas The president The government adopted a clear strategy to increase electricity production to provide needs in the current and future stage President A key condition for the advancement of the business sector President has developed an economic strategy until 2030 is in several axes President The people of has legitimate dreams and aspirations worthy of us The President is a country that renounces violence terrorism and extremism a country that promotes stability and regional security and respects its neighbor . President is moving in a confident step on all tracks and levels to achieve economic growth and provides a model for and civilization . The translation of the meanings of this participation into joint investments is not limited to achieving economic growth but rather contributes to the achievement of social justice President His Highness the of I would like to thank the King of and His Majesty the King of . I extend my thanks and appreciation to the efforts of the under the leadership of His . The President Today meeting is the result of a sincere effort by His King Bin The President On behalf of the people I welcome the development partners in shortly after . President gives the opening speech in The beginning of the activities of the conference to support and develop the economy s for and Growth The is gearing up for the economic forum this video introduces our investment potential A step for future to support and develop the economy 15-13 March 2015 El This conference is the key to future and the beginning of a long journey of development to our beloved less than three days the Development Conference begins in Less than 3 days and the economic conference begins in this conference is the key to the future and the beginning of the development of our dear . The spirit of martyrs inspires us to complete the march Working for a nation worthy of their sacrifices . On the anniversary of the martyrdom of the team March 9 1969 martyrdom day the glory of all the martyrs who gave their lives for the sake of and the blood of their precious soil . women have proved throughout their tender history that they are the voice of conscience of our dear homeland and a symbol of sacrifice for its sake . On Day I extend my greetings and appreciation to the great woman wife daughter and sister . I would like to pay tribute to the effort made by the youth of the In the development of the most needy villages a respectable model for the youth of . President arrives at the Presidential Palace at in preparation for the reception of King II of . Watch the video of President visit to the Military Region through the following link President Despite all the difficulties experienced by no one will be able to defeat the will of the and I have no doubt in the victory of our Lord to President The criteria of our choice of the new Conservative movement was the competence experience youth and the state adopt small projects to support President from the bureaucracy and the movement of conservatives delayed to select eligible elements able to take responsibility President The drafting of the unified investment law was finalized in readiness to activate the economic conference President The debts of small farmers have been dropped and we are working to solve the problems of planting a number of major crops . President A number of detained youth will be released as part of the country serious move in the social justice file . pounds the contributes half the amount and the live the other half President internal files took 75 of the efforts of the to all brothers in the Gulf We are looking at our brothers in the Gulf with all respect love and respect and all attempts to stir up discord or discord between our brothers . will not succeed . We will continue to support our brothers in the and . The fourth generation of wars in extremely dangerous and is used by various means in the area We do not want electoral competition to forget the unity of the and everyone is required to end the last entitlement and complete the building The State The and there is progress and improvement in all the files and did not succeed on 30th except in the unit Everyone is following up the efforts of the army and the civilian police to regain control of and eliminate the terrorism that exists in the entire region I met with President during my visit to the and It has consensual relations with all the countries of the world We are making great effort to obtain nuclear energy and we need a variety of sources of energy Nuclear energy represents the cheapest sources of energy In the long term .. is a mature country and does not have a hidden agenda Watch the live broadcast of President speech via the link below The President of the does not attack anyone .. The army does not attack anyone .. We are an army not to assault anyone and invade the land of one of the president Condolences to all in our sons The men of the armed forces and civilian police followed the of the President tonight and which broadcast through several television channels and accounts Official President receives telephone calls from his counterpart and prime minister . congratulates President on winning election Details through the link The people of the great people I address you all you have done what you have and it is time to work . congratulates President for winning the elections Clarification ... did not make statements to the newspaper to all the live Follow the official accounts of on the following link enumeration indicators for counting voters in all of enumeration indicators for counting voters in 34,173 votes Statistical indicators for the counting of voters in the province of 71133 votes Statistical indicators for the counting of voters in the province of the enumeration indicators for the counting of voters in 45,801 votes Statistical indicators for the counting of voters in 161,999 votes enumeration indicators for the counting of voters in 3156940 Voice of enumeration indicators for counting votes in 457,185 votes Statistical indicators for the counting of voters in 346456 Voice Statistical indicators for enumeration of voters in 1595372 voice Statistical indicators for the counting of voters in 1265412 voice enumeration indicators to sort the votes of voters in 2147327 Voice of life enumeration indicators to sort the votes of voters in the province of 556075 Statistical indicators for the counting of voters in 675414 Statistical indicators for the counting of voters in 261246 Statistical indicators for the counting of voters in 269399 Statistical indicators for the counting of voters in 908,998 votes enumeration indicators for the counting of voters in the 100,854 votes After the classification of 207 public committees out of a total of 352 general committees at the level of the 13,487,815 Voters 634,544 Numerical enumeration indicators for the counting of voters in 166582 Voice of life enumeration indicators to sort the votes of the voters in 3006 committees at the level of the so far . 92.9 live Numerical enumeration indicators for the counting of voters in 2238 committees at the level of the so far . After a few .. Numerical enumeration indicators to sort the voters at the level of the enumeration indicators to sort the votes of the voters at the level of the young people make the future of The future of From the link Continue the influx of citizens for the third day on the voting committees .. Take down and raise the flag of your country the continued influx of citizens for the third day on the voting committees .. and raise the flag of your country extends sincere condolences to the family of martyr army in . More Citizens continue to flock for the third day on voting committees .. Take down and raise the flag of your country . Continue the influx of citizens for the third day on the voting committees . and raise the flag of your country . youth distribute water bottles to the voters during the voting process . and upload your country flag Continue the influx of citizens for the third day on the voting committees .. Go down and raise the flag of your country after the vote cast down and raise the flag of your country citizens during the vote .. Take down and raise the flag of your country for the third day in the presidential elections .. and raise your country flag after voting . Go down and raise your country flag to a group of young people After voting take down and raise your country flag for the third day of the presidential elections . Get down and raise your country flag . The youth of come to the voting committees . Go down and raise the flag of your country for the third day . Continue the influx of citizens to the voting committees . Go down and raise your country flag . With their voices .. and raise the flag of your country For the third day to cast their votes .. Go down and raise the flag of your country raise the flag of your country objecting to the decision of the to extend the vote for a third day in an intervention with the media . The legal advisor is pushing the to contest the vote for a third day . More See through the link 6th of .. The last hours .. and share the last hours . and share your country flag . The rest of the time you download share and upload your country flag . Official your country flag to update the photos of the in the presidential elections Upload your country flag your photo in the election with 10 friends neighbors or family and we will publish it on the official account Upload your country flag your country flag on and his We have worked with 10 of your friends neighbors or family and we publish it on our page Upload your country flag on twitter Make us a picture with 10 of Your friends neighbors or family as we publish it on our page upload your country flag Updated of Go down with your friends and neighbors and your family and share your image and raise your flag your country cast his vote in the presidential elections Download with your friends and neighbors and your family and share your image and we are posted on our page Upload your country flag during the vote today Come down with your friends and neighbors and your family and share your image and upload it on our page Upload your flag Come down with your friends Your neighbors and your family and share your photo and we publish it on our page Upload your country flag and share your image and you and your friends as we publish it on our page Upload your country flag Statement of denial of the campaign of More meet with the youth of the future campaign of the homeland and the campaign in before the start of the voting hour within the during the vote today Watch the album through the link while casting his vote today Upload your country flag Send a message with your picture in the queue with the name of your province and we will publish it on our page Upload your country flag your country flag your country flag Follow the official accounts of the on the following link Walking down the distance The word of of the people before the silence of the electoral descending the distance life of live and who will reform .. I will save live History and work for our country . The coming to vote will be a sign that there is a national consensus to help the next president . We need to gather all of us .. Our love for our country and our fear of it and the time now is the time to move for all . The woman confirmed that she is the national daughter and I ask you to move in front of the election fund to confirm this . is passing by a historic moment and the Abroad they have provided an excellent example of maintaining this will . Allow me to speak with you as an citizen and not as a presidential candidate . Now .. the word of of the people On all satellite and terrestrial channels The region is under difficult circumstances that require us to be some . Social justice does not stop at food and drink . The problem of bridging the will be solved when there is an understanding of the interests of others without prejudice to our interests . The word is right the idea is right and democracy is the will of the people . We can go back to national harmony again . The bosom of our country ... is home . If he went to vote 40 million voters I will stand before the world . The idea of program to get out of the narrow framework in which we live to the urban extension at the level of . lives in The worker and the farmer will benefit from increased employment and we have a plan to improve the state factories . Sufficient enough to lose .. time I am not far from anyone and I will sit with everyone for the citizen . We will make a strong transport network within a year . Those who love their homeland are equipped with the best of the country to achieve the best leadership . Any opportunity that contributes to the progress of should be taken immediately and the real problem of lack of communication and intellectual leadership . If there is a link between And abroad will come all migratory minds . Invitation from artists to get down and participate 26 May 27 Come down and share the life of 9 million pensioners need to improve their income by the equivalent of 108 billion pounds per month . Our neglect of the teacher has exacerbated the situation and we have to thank him and ask him patience and more effort . Long live a national slogan not a political one . for the thanks you .. Raise its banner and its bridges in front of the world . You need to get down ... more than ever in your history and it will remain the real starting point Demonstration law is available to organize The state of protest is not to prevent demonstrations and we have to ask does the state assume an unorganized demonstration . Whoever goes out of the national fabric is the one who diverts himself from society and people . I offer condolences to the people of every martyr who fell in . The have no choice but to keep their country . There is no other option but to exit from the crisis it is going through . The biggest problem will meet me in my life if the love me . My wife is a very virtuous six ... I am lucky in her . I learned from my mother to be impartial in making judgments without a hobby and I still learn from them . I was lucky with my mother ... . She was very wise and very strong in . The real problem between peoples and rulers is the lack of real communication . The challenges of the homeland are great and the individual efforts are not enough and I will choose my team based on competence and patriotism . I said from the beginning that the campaign is unconventional and does not need to be overdone . It was my national responsibility as defense minister In front of God is the protection of national will and national security . Oh Lord I am at the good of the . I received a call from the people to carry the trust and presented myself to the without rattles . Every problem needs to be put in real size and I ask the media to take responsibility before God and the homeland . has a real problem focusing on the political horizon and ignoring several other issues such as our children are on the streets . I meet To inform the media once again after it has achieved what it requested from the media . I take responsibility before God and in front of the homeland towards all . Women are the backbone of society and we have to pay attention to them and activate their role in the future . Education places of worship and many state institutions also have a great responsibility to build the true awareness of the citizen . The intellectual back and the real understanding of the problems of the homeland is what will be based on the coming period . I met different segments in the past period and stopped a lot in front of the problems of each category of society . I emphasize the national task of the media in forming the real awareness of the citizen in the next stage . Now The television interview of witnessed the full television interviews of through the official channel of on Watch the video invited the people to participate in the presidential elections is now subscribed to the official channel of on and watched the video of the youth initiative initiative presents condolences to the family of the martyr of the police in northern . calls on the people to participate in the presidential elections during a speech today for more . to the official channel of the on and witness the full meeting with a number of women to the official channel of on and watch the meeting of with the artists . Learn about the future vision of for living through the link with the voice of on needs to live Follow the official account participated in the official channel of the mentor on and watched the meeting with youth See excerpts from the meeting of with a delegation of ambassadors of 41 countries . Learn about the future vision of for freedom and human dignity through the link Learn about the future vision of for social justice through the link Learn about the future vision of for tourism development through The link My vision is based on the eradication of poverty and slums in a way that achieves social justice Follow the official accounts of on the following link Full meeting of the mentor on the channel event to the official channel Follow the official page of the reference on official Now download the application of Life of for the campaign on and systems More details about meeting with a delegation of Ambassadors of 41 countries through the link I will struggle to redraw the religious discourse To improve the bad image of those who think they are trying to defend . The army is based on modern scientific foundations and knows its functions well and not within its ideology or composition of the idea of or conspiracy . during the meeting The armed forces are disciplined and professional organization and did not interfere in political affairs during the last period . I talk with you and talk to your brothers and know all the developments and events that have passed through and there A clear apology to you especially since you are in direct contact with your country . during the meeting The position during the 30 revolution was clear as the army sided with the will of the citizens . receives ambassadors of 41 countries will hold a serious with the brothers in to find practical solutions to the issue of participated in the official channel on and saw the full meetings of the receives a delegation Of the ambassadors of 41 countries . has received 296,628 votes from 318,332 voters from the vote abroad . Learn about the electoral program and the future vision of through the link participates in a popular youth conference .. more this link during the conference Youth are the influential entity in the industry of the future of the and need them with me in different locations honors 10 young winners of the initiative and confirms You are the real hope for Watch the album live through The of the numerical enumeration of the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the field until now according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for the counting of the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the field until now according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting votes abroad confirm the superiority of the field so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators to sort the votes of abroad confirms the superiority of so far according to the following statistics condemns police martyrs in the events of enumeration indicators to sort the votes of abroad confirms the superiority of so far according to the following statistics Numerical In order to sort out the votes of abroad the survey confirms the superiority of the so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirms the superiority of the field so far according to the following statistics Number of votes of abroad confirms the superiority of the according to the following statistics enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the Now according to the following statistics inventory for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the field so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for sorting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the field so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators to sort the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the field The numerical for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad Confirms the superiority of according to the following statistics of enumeration indicators for the counting of the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the trend so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad For the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting votes abroad confirm the superiority of the so far according to the following statistics The numerical for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics The numerical counting of the votes of the abroad confirms the superiority of the field so far According to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for the counting of the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for the votes of abroad confirm the superiority has so far according to the following statistics enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the trend so far according to the following statistics enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the so far For the following statistics receives an diplomatic delegation includes Ambassadors of 24 countries enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the trend so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the field so far For the following statistics Marshal receives a delegation of political parties and movements We are every morning morning .. Morning morning every and every .. hope for us hope of hope .. is once again to its glory Numerical enumeration indicators to sort out the votes of abroad confirms the superiority of the field until now according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators to sort votes abroad confirm the superiority of so far according to the following statistics enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the survey until now according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the so far For the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators to sort the votes of abroad confirms superiority The statistical indicators of the counting of the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting votes abroad confirm the superiority of so far according to the following statistics Committee 838 people submit to initiative enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the field so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the Now according to the following statistics indicators The numbering of the votes of abroad confirms the superiority of the so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics The enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to statistics The following Numerical enumeration indicators to sort the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the field The numerical for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the trend so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators to sort the votes of the confirms the superiority of so far according to the following statistics enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the trend so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the so far For the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for the votes of abroad confirm According to the following statistics The number of numerical indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirms the superiority of the field so far according to the following statistics The Inventory Indicators for Sorting The voices of the abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the field so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the Now according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting votes abroad confirm the superiority of so far according to the following statistics numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirms the superiority of the field until now according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators to sort the votes of abroad confirms the superiority of the so far according to the following statistics The numerical counting of the votes of abroad confirms the superiority of the field so far enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the trend so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirms the superiority of the field has so far according to the following statistics inventory enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the trend so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the field so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators to sort the votes of abroad confirms the superiority of the field So far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics of enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for the votes of confirms the superiority of so far according to the following statistics enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the trend so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the trend so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad For the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators to sort the votes of abroad confirms the superiority of the field has so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics now carried the application of Life of to the campaign on and systems I say to the I answer myself from you Needed from the whole world . We are working with him And works with us . There is a real chance for peace in . The most dangerous cage of the prison is the dissatisfaction of the . People will not accept the reverse movement and there is the price is paying for change . All women demand ... On my brain from above . sedition and planting will not end and the position of from the burning of churches was a national position and expensive . We must respect the beliefs of some and deal with what suits each other . It can not be That the religious discourse we hear in the world does not speak about the true religion . The religious situation in which we are in need of the return of state institutions such as and the for their pioneering role again . is one of the most important elements of the personality . chose violence and murder . I was based on the intellectual back and the media has a great responsibility in shaping the real awareness and understanding of the citizen . We must form a case of real understanding and real awareness I will not wait for parliament to amend required to achieve development in . I am starting from the first day .. Is it I am not a People do not need me There are those who wash his reputation by belonging to me The main reason that led me to run was the dangers that surround the homeland and the people called me to confront these dangers . I was just saying two campaign campaigns that are not traditional If we respect democracy as hard as people choose regardless of the results revolution 25 and 30 Why do we disagree We have to use progress in the world development begins along the desert and and there are many mechanisms that must be worked on to improve the conditions of the farmer . We have the ability to add 2 million to the agricultural patch and groundwater is available . There is a vision of central planning of some areas that contribute to the increase of agricultural land and the program extends across . The experience of countries such as and was the product of strategic planning and appreciation of size and challenge we can do it . and brothers will manage the money we need . Success The problem of the problems is the economic problem We need legislators in parliament are aware of the problems of the homeland The constitution is a living organism that grows and matures with nations Returnees from are a threat to the countries they return to The term distance refers to regional security If necessary I will visit several times is all I have . is all I ask of you all paid for the peace decision A scene inviting killers to attend celebrations ... not worth commenting . will stop a lot in front of the great role of President and the decision of war 73 was very difficult . We study legislation that helps to improve investment conditions . Governance is institutional rather than individual . We will move from the first day with the to ease the burden of living on them . I swear to the ... I will do everything possible for them and for . The teacher is the basis for the advancement of education in and there are many mechanisms that can be activated to improve its conditions . We need more interaction and attention to the elements related to the human capabilities of the human being and making promises at the expense of the homeland is a big mistake . I met many bright minds and talked about problems with logic . We need 20 thousand schools at a cost of 500 billion pounds and I hope to raise the teacher salary to an appropriate amount . Now the begins on the channels of the day and and life and radio 9090 Live to follow up the personal account of the on Plus to follow up the personal account of the on to watch the full television interviews of the in the official channel on the link tonight .. meeting of .. Part II at 9 pm on the channels of and life and day And Radio 9090 . receives bin receives an delegation comprising 24 ambassadors . For more information see the citizens photo poll abroad through the following link enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the field so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the track so far according to the following statistics Number of votes of Abroad confirms the superiority of so far according to the following statistics now participated in the official channel of the on enumeration indicators to sort out the votes of abroad confirms the superiority of so far according to the following statistics numerical indicators enumerating the votes of abroad confirms the superiority of far according to the following statistics enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the trend so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the trend so far according to the following statistics Numerical enumeration indicators for counting the votes of abroad confirm the superiority of the field so far For the following statistics tonight .. The television interview of the .. Part II On the channels of and life and day at 9 pm . More details about the meeting between and the delegation of artists through the link during a meeting with artists I call on all the masses of the people to the need to participate heavily in the presidential elections . Director during the meeting is able to form awareness and restore the role of the citizen able to work and give . Artist The state faith in art was heard only about him before we were born and in an age when art was described as a defect . The artist during the meeting If every citizen is looking for his personal interest there will be no hope for this country . during the meeting The cultural and artistic sense exists within the personality over thousands of years . during the meeting needs to raise the levels of intellectual and cultural awareness in addition to supporting economic construction And political . during the meeting The role of art has decreased significantly during the last period compared to previous periods . of the artist I can never miss a special word of thanks to you . during the meeting cinema in the last century was considered the second source of national income after the cotton crop . during the meeting is the wall of resistance to extremism And militancy . When his role recedes there are always many problems . receives a delegation of artists and extends his sincere condolences to the family of the late Imam . official The organizes a public conference to support the . More The of the organizes a stand to support on Street in . More The of organizes a mass rally in More The of the launches President campaign in More Marshal meets mission head to monitor presidential elections and appreciation to abroad for their national participation in the elections . women have proved throughout history that they have a great role in national participation . The role of the army in the future is to stimulate the state economic institutions . The brothers had the goal of isolating the people from the army and their leadership was collective and the army does not conspire but it knows early . The most dangerous thing the brothers have done with me is the threat . There More than 300 civil companies with at least one million people working with the armed forces in several projects . The size of the economy managed by the military establishment represents 2 of the size of the economy as a whole . I am in a position of balance and centrality in everything and the homeland will not succeed except with the participation of all . There are those who try to penetrate the national fabric and spoil it and touched the businessmen whom I met patriotic and love of . The goal of redistributing support is to ensure that support reaches those who deserve it will not go to those who do not deserve it . I say before everyone ... of who is fit for its conditions We have many renewable and changing sources of energy that can be used to solve the energy problem in . I appreciate the role of young people and I need their participation ... I do not want my children to get up Young people were the leaders of the revolutions of 25 and 30 and I ask them to come down and elect those who see them express their will . No has been arrested for the past period outside the context of the law and there are mechanisms It is legal that determines this and we all have to respect the law . I am an citizen I love my country and all the and and not to quarrel with anyone . The national interest must be taken into account when we talk about democratic practice . The experience of the new parliamentary lists we have especially with the confusion of the current scene and may negatively affect the shape of the next parliament . We are on the way to proper democracy and we need to support the role of political forces such as parties and youth and prepare strong cadres Leading the future . I was waiting to hear what we agreed with to get out of the crisis on 26 and I was quite surprised . I said to the mathematicians that no one owns it . The military has values values can not hold the military accountable for its discipline . The word honesty .. and people awareness of honesty and tampering with the awareness of people is to tamper with the consciousness of the whole nation . has a of with an area of than 35 kilometers west of the and has real opportunities for agricultural investment . People will is the key to real success out of the crisis we are living . We aim to a real extension in the provinces to get out of which narrowed its population We need to increase the national output at unprecedented rates to end the state of destitution we are . Lack of bridges of communication represents the real problem between peoples and rulers . A real diagnosis of the situation must be made so that we can address it . I appreciate the instability of the economic situation which affected many men The business to whom I have touched their country . I imagine as a troubled company that has a heavy legacy of debt and burdens and we want to fix the conditions of that company . citizen is suffering and there is a great program to stimulate the of the . What is happening in now is the will of the and they have to go down and participate strongly in the elections . The abroad have surprised the world with their honorable attitude to get down to cast their votes thank them and say to them Cut your good . I would like to extend my greetings and appreciation to the through this meeting . Now begins the television interview of on channels and . Soon after the television interview of begins on the channels and . The holds a public conference in support of in For more Follow the television interview of tonight in the ninth hour on the channels and and The organized the march in the city of to support the which is the first inside the city . Now join the campaign of download the promotional material with high quality from this link ... Now Upload the application of to the campaign on and systems Follow the official and personal account of on The The largest supporting march supporting the The launches mass marches to support See through the link In front of the in in front of the of in the live continue to flock to the ballot boxes to vote Watch the album from the link The organized the official campaign of the in the Sea a human chain entitled Now carry the application of the life of to the campaign of on the systems now carry the application of the life of to the campaign of on the systems of the youth group in the lake and in coordination with the youth of the rebellion movement in the lake invading the villages in support of the and urged citizens to the crowd campaign organized a human chain To support in the center of lake live After a few .. Follow the official account and the personal on through the link youth abroad during the voting today live campaign organizes a youth rally in the city of More continue to flock abroad at the polls The continued influx of abroad on ballot boxes lives in official women abroad elected live Follow the official page of on Plus through the link official Follow the official and personal account of on Watch the Polling Abroad through the link on It is to I know it .. and the countries to I am always in their service your photo by live See the album through the link See the pictures of the vote abroad through the link campaign invade provinces in support of More The of organizes a women stand to support in More The of meets with the members of The of meets with the members of abroad play national songs live See the of the abroad Watch the photo album of the vote abroad .. Through the link .. .. For any issues or questions concerning voting abroad please call 110 0954 088 OR 110 0954 089 To report any problems or questions regarding voting abroad contact 110 0954 088 or 110 0954 089 Pictures of the vote of abroad .. Through this link See the message of for abroad live abroad View album through the link More details about the mass conference of the people of through the link during the conference Youth are hope and future and strength and have a real role and need next to them in the coming period . during the conference The of and and will see real opportunities for development and development with the provinces of and the western border region . during the conference Men of They are characterized by honesty sincerity and .. And their relationship goes back more than 50 years participates in a conference for the people of and confirms is waiting for real development opportunities to our people abroad .. Elected .. Long live More details about the meeting delegation of the through the link during the meeting The product is a priority for the state but it should not be at the expense of the poor and limited income . during the meeting to cooperate with all countries of the world for the benefit of the country and achieve a real renaissance and the national interest requires work for our country during the meeting The climate of investment and development in needs to be serious and sustainability and the ability to offer a competing product locally and internationally . during the meeting The citizen did not feel The efforts made by the State in various sectors during the last period . During his meeting with the delegation of the said The state will implement mega projects that stimulate small and medium industries . participates in a public conference for . More meets with the community in Committee organizes a human chain to support the in under the slogan the return of tourism More The organizes a human chain to support in The of organizes a mass march in More calls abroad to participate in presidential elections on The countries of the whom I know . This is the I am always in service with . Details of meeting delegation delegation of communities in through the link during the meeting Please send the abroad a message to move to the ballot boxes to reflect their responsibility towards the homeland . during the meeting There are those who seek to distort the experience of the and their exit in the revolution of 30 by promoting the idea that the will not participate in the elections during the meeting not qualified to lead the state and adopted a thought contrary to the masses of and culture does not know the literature of disagreement in opinion or thought . During his meeting with the delegation of the in said We are in the most desperate moments for our children abroad . Follow the personal account of on Live receives a delegation from the in . More More details about the meeting elders through the link Our hope in is great and the ability of to promote and the exploitation of and the will enjoyed by the people during the meeting God will save and its people from all evil And every place in it needs development or development will be developed and developed . during the meeting With real opportunities for modern agricultural investment and development of real protection for national security . during the meeting The citizen of must enjoy a stable life security and economic . receives a delegation of and youth of . Watch the video .. Human chains to support the live Follow the official and personal account of on Live We shared your photo with and we published it in the album on the official page arrives in the of and meets and members of the community More receives economic expert . Details through the link armed forces shield and as long as the army okay ... is fine . 25 A breakthrough for the dream of change and 30 is the completion of the dream and the youth of the revolution must stand by . The 1967 war was for me the loss of the dream and the 1973 war was a part of what was lost . will never forget who stands next to it in the face of crises . stance in the face of the pressure exerted on has historically been reminiscent of its attitude towards the war . and are the strategic depth in and we are keen on our relationship with . The must return to its leading role in the region . There must be a joint effort to restore stability in the region especially in . I have never spoken in any negative form about any country From countries especially and I respect a state and a people . needs further technical study to ensure the success of the project without prejudice to national and water security . It is very important for brothers in to understand that water in is a matter of life or death . The conflict begins in the region when there is no understanding and between us and others It is important that brothers and friends understand that we are not looking for our interests only The real axis of the success of international relations is the clarity of position towards many Of regional and international issues . There is a development in the international relations and we must maintain our relationship without being at the expense of others . There must be a peaceful way out of the situation in which has become a hotbed of extremist terrorist elements . is the one that started the dispute with and did not initiate a rivalry with anyone and do not accept the interference of others in the affairs of . No one can interfere in affairs again . Ask if the strained relations will continue and we did not We begin to dispute one . You will not threaten an state and the army of is there and if there is a threat to any of the brothers you will find us .. Rail distance are present . The real guarantee for national security is to preserve and protect each other and our combined ability can achieve this . will take advantage of any opportunity to achieve peace in and peace may be an opportunity for the return of the region calm and stability . position on the issue is clear for many years and there is a chance To achieve peace in the region and that is what we will work on . We are doing what we want . If it is necessary to amend the agreement we will amend it . Everyone knows that is a strong and independent sovereign state . The side realized that the forces in the to impose security control in the region . We were able to resolve the situation in with the utmost simplicity and problematic in is not only a security and the region needs real development . I was the director of the intelligence in At a time when was attractive to extremist terrorist elements our eyes were constantly on the region . The second part of the meeting begins on . Soon after the second part of the meeting will begin on . conducts video conferencing and communicates with the people of Further A part of the meeting between and the of during a meeting with a delegation of Ambassadors . live Warning . Unidentified people print signs for the with a false electoral code More A conference for women in in support of More Details of meeting delegation of writers and writers through the link We will not allow anyone to lead the country to the loss and sit with all those who can influence the mentality of the citizen to show the size of the real problem . The economic position is the ruler of the scene in in general and economic ability which has many issues and challenges . needs intellectuals And thinkers and writers a very significant role during the next phase governed by national responsibility and insistence on the interest of the nation . During the meeting intellectuals and writers form the conscience and conscience in . They have a vital role in leading the public opinion with the help of the media during the meeting There is always a difficult equation facing the state is how to achieve security without prejudice to the principles of democracy and human rights . meets a delegation of writers and writers and emphasizes We need to create a real awareness of society will not tolerate the conflict again . Follow the official account of on through the link Follow the second part of the interview on tonight at pm Share your photo in and we publish it in the album live on the official page receives a delegation of writers and writers For more information photos of and her participation on the official page of the campaign on meets with a number of youth campaign . Follow the second part of the on tomorrow at pm . The people called me out of the crisis and I say frankly on my own I will not be able to take responsibility and everyone to align and participate . The armed forces intervened on 30 when it was necessary to intervene to uphold the national interest . It was the first of the to look for a real solution to get out of the crisis rather than just work to get To rule . The was ready to come to power and were not ready to succeed in power . There is no revenge between me and the but the national interest is committed to the absence of such organizations and I want to save and from the brothers The brothers turned the political dispute into a religious dispute because of their failure in running the state and they should review themselves . The is isolated from the national fabric of the state and the improper religious discourse has lost the humanity of . I appreciate people convictions on condition Not imposing it on others and it is unreasonable to have the leadership of the state and the leadership of under any consideration . and promise to see a real improvement in in two years . Raising support for those who do not deserve it is in the poor interest first . The biggest challenge to the economic file is the size of the debt on the budget amounting to 200 billion pounds . The lesson is not only by law but also by our readiness as to enforce the law and a large part of the corruption file Linked to our state of destitution . I met many different sectors of society and presented them with the real size of the problems we are in . I am working on mobilizing the own capacities to face challenges in the development file . The media should work with the rest of the state apparatus to bring security back to the street . The problem in is not only political but there are social economic and security issues . We must give the full opportunity for the police to return again and will not be It is only by organizing our whole life . Security within the state will be achieved only by law . fell from second place to 32nd place in the ranking of countries that abandoned organized crime . The state of the revolution we live in has led to confusion in the scene in . The are very patient and look forward to a real achievement and the size of the challenge is very great and all to move and diligence . I would like to thank the viewers with all respect and respect . distance A little begins the television interview of the on with presents his sincere condolences to the family of the martyr of the armed forces in Watch the photo album of the life of through the link For more photos and exclusive videos follow the official account of on meets chairman of newspaper Details through the link The celebration of a message in love with in the presence of journalists and member of the of the campaign meets the community in and conveys the greetings of Details through the link Watch the video Secrets of the personality of and its origin in the aesthetic Be part of the propaganda campaign of of the conference of the owners of small industries with the participation of through the link during the conference the length of the army okay .. The meeting What happened on 30 and 3 is the will of the people towards change . The citizen lives in a very narrow space and the work of the infrastructure to enter into deserts in so as to create a real environment for investment and development . It is imperative for every to scrutinize and examine those who give him his vote in the presidential elections . during the conference No one will be able to solve the problems of alone no matter how powerful and efficient without uniting the and aligning them We will not achieve anything . is participating in a conference for owners of small and medium industries and he affirms sincere determination sincerity and understanding of the problems of is the only way to solve them . for the owners of small industries the people called me to save .. I am not busy with anyone but my country . chain in to support More The launch of the first official campaign of in More details through the link member of the of the campaign meets the head of the Details organizes a mass rally in city Details through the link See a photo album of the meeting of the with a delegation of young investors through More details about the meeting with a delegation of young investors through the link during the meeting The will not succeed without involving the youth in development programs To them and create an environment conducive to the benefit of them during the meeting the people Has undergone great challenges throughout its history . It has always proved its ability to overcome the during the meeting My electoral program aims to create a huge infrastructure and road network to serve the development of the . During the meeting with a delegation of young investors Youth are the real capacity of and their involvement in development programs is imperative Follow the official account of the facilitator on meets with a delegation of young investors and businessmen . and the for the Protection of the Revolution in and hold a public conference in support of member of the of campaign begins Gulf tour to support For more Follow the official account of the facilitator on through the link More details about the meeting of with the delegation of investors and industrialists through the link during the meeting The volume of internal and external debt to reached about 1.7 trillion pounds which requires unconventional solutions to counter this debt . during the meeting The state is living a real struggle with a group does not know .. and trying to sabotage for the government . during the meeting The state is living a real struggle with a group does not know God .. and trying to sabotage for the sake of governance . meets with a delegation of investors and confirms the industry has a great responsibility to save the country and the current situation needs to move quickly . receives the ambassador in Details through the link receives the ambassador in More details on the meeting of with Ambassadors through the link We have no choice but to move with the utmost strength and speed we can not leave the generations Coming with a heavy legacy of burdens and problems . during the meeting identity is national and not ideological allowing all citizens to live in regardless of their religion . during the meeting is experiencing huge problems and previous regimes did not care to address these problems and focused their efforts to reach power . during the meeting It is necessary to present the real picture of what is happening in during the current stage and to clarify that picture of different countries of the world . meets ambassadors of countries and confirms during the meeting the achievement of development in requires Mobilizing the of . See the photo album of the meeting of the in the heads of the editorial through the link Follow the official account of on of meeting delegation of editors of the newspapers through the link 25 and 30 a very giant step on the road and the experience we are now establishing in the rule of will be judged in about 100 years . Speaking of newspapers and the media about democracy only without looking at the problems and challenges surrounding the community creates a state of doubt and provocation to society . society is not satisfied with the idea of presented by the groups that ruled in the past period . The difference in cultural and intellectual level between the and the environmental patterns can not create democracy in that is similar to the model . during the meeting We are confused between the development that is happening in now and the foundations of building democracy . during the meeting discourse should lead people awareness and push with the state in the direction of development . receives the editors of the newspapers and confirms during the meeting Social justice will never be at the expense of . receives a delegation of editors of newspapers ... Details through the link I wasting time ... people need to live The official account of on My message to all .. This moment of saving the homeland and reality needs us to jump to face the problems of . Sports represents national security in the future of . All appreciation respect and love to the President of the . I wish there would be more than one competitor in the presidential race ... and will prevail . live .. means to preserve . The first foreign visit will be Of the of . relations with the extension did not get enough effort and we appreciate the interests of others and emphasize our interests and the issue of water ... life or death . is closing the door to its behavior towards and I give the people all respect and appreciation . I tell not to lose the people any more . I respect and respect all international treaties and treaties including the peace treaty with . He will not forget The stood by their side and stood against them . on the borders of and poses a threat to and we must work to restore things to normal in . Call the media to assure the world that what happened in was the will of the and their choice . We will deal with everyone for the benefit of and imagine that everyone knows how patriotic I am . The administration had a vision of the scene . law requires it to deal with the reality of the regime Military relations with did not break from the seventies and it is not true that military relations with started with my visit . The visit of was within the framework of relations with the entire international community and we need the support of all who can provide real support to . The army intervened to receive a strike and to prevent civil war instead of confrontation between and . The international community is in solidarity with the position in the face of terrorism and the should pay attention . I will not allow the Office of the In the states I expected the revolutions of 25 and 30 . The did not doubt anything when I visited him and I was very disturbed by the national fabric . women are the dynamos of life and I need their help in the future . I appreciate the woman personally and I hope to offend the girl and all the girls of .. girls Networking and the formation of a real understanding is the key to get out of the current crisis . I will not form a political party or join the party as a popular back in the future . To return to the 25 and before 30 . The military establishment can maintain its moral and moral values light of the collapse of the current situation in the country over many years . The selection of the team for the post of Chief of Staff is the choice of the of the . the selection of military governors in the border provinces during the current stage .. for national security reasons . Who will work with me must have high professionalism sincerity and honesty in working for We will jump out of the cycle of want we stand in . The teacher is the main articulator of education and society and the state should give him full moral support and the problems of the teacher will be solved soon . Not all problems can be resolved once the citizen will achieve improvement within two years . Treatment of the education system in begins with the development of schools and we need 20,000 schools Cost of 500 billion pounds . The citizen will not have electricity without support and I need the support of the to understand the mechanisms that I will work on to solve the energy problem . There is a real energy saving program that will be applied by law . energy crisis is one thousand megawatts And home power consumes 15 thousand megawatts including 6 thousand megawatts for lighting only . energy capacity is 30 thousand megawatts and the energy crisis can be treated in more than one way . The market is open to the private sector and should help build the state and be merciful to the poor . The profit margin of the private sector must be reduced to support the poor and limited income parallel mechanisms to control prices will exceed the pricing . What he needs to know a year and a half can be done in Three months and I will work on mechanisms to control the market and prices . Cooperation between the private sector and the armed forces had a real impact and the size of employment was about one million workers . All the greetings and appreciation to our brothers in the for their support and support . I tell them that did not die . I thank the King and the brothers .. God save your country . The second axis of finance is and foreign investment and must be provided The real climate of investment . We all need to join forces for the renaissance of the state . We also need to support the abroad . The first axis of funding is to stimulate the of . My program includes 22 industrial cities 26 cities a tourist center and 8 airports . targeted the reclamation of 4 million acres and have the right soil and water for reclamation . The desert back can be increased for each saving 50 to 100,000 in each . My program is standing On a strategy consisting of a number of axes and one should not rely on the solution of one area without the rest of the the payment of 200 billion pounds for debt service and 200 billion pounds for support and 208 billion pounds of wages according to the budget . We have the determination and the determination to face the challenges and we must work so that everyone can live in a better situation . We face the challenges in all sectors of the state and the debt volume reaches 1.7 trillion pounds . Now the interview for is starting and . A little later the second part of the interview begins for . Follow the second part of the meeting of tonight at 9 pm on and Radio 9090 . More details about the meeting of with the delegation of media through the link during the meeting society needs a rational opposition national interest and put it above all else . during the meeting that there are huge challenges facing the next president especially as the patience of citizens few in front of the results they want to achieve . during the meeting The two electoral programs are based primarily on supporting security and stability and the comprehensive development of all sectors of the state . during the meeting the next phase must witness deeper and closer understanding and relations with brothers . meets with media delegation is going well . See excerpts from the rally of women with the participation of . live Follow the official account of on Plus through the link Personal account of on official live Now .. Follow the official and personal account of the mentor on live Demonstration law mechanism to control the demonstration and not to prevent demonstration and the right to demonstrate is available to all but will not allow the collapse of the country . I told everyone I am not carrying any bills to anyone either at home or abroad . Marshal The is beginning to realize that what is happening in the region is real and harmful terrorism With their interests . The are the ones who destroyed extremist religious thought at home . should be careful when choosing not only the next president but the next parliament as well . We were keen in the equation between controlling the security situation and not to exceed human rights and if there are abuses will be dealt with by law . long as the army exists it must reassure people . Police have been in harsh conditions for four years and need support Of the community . The intellectual construction of some extremist groups based on atonement and confrontation with the society is inevitable . I asked for my authorization as Minister of when I felt that was in real danger and I had no doubt that the would come to power . There is unprecedented change in dealing with the security file especially in . Marshal The electoral program is an achievable dream and the past accumulations will not be resolved between day and night but with a timetable . The situation of doubt must end with the and replaced by a state of genuine confidence and challenges understood by the citizen well . and security along with real development are my priorities in the coming stage . It is unacceptable at the moral and objective level to say that the current president is temporary and does not exercise his powers . I have been receiving guests at home and abroad during the past period and I have been presenting myself as Minister of only . Marshal The military establishment was and still is Its main role is to protect the homeland and will not interfere in the rule of . Military uniform represents a great value and I appreciate the reservation of some on the presidential nomination for military uniforms . alone is not enough to correct abuses and there are other mechanisms that must be dealt with such as flags education and the role of initiative . Reforming abuses is by example and good treatment and in the spirit of law and its application . I refuse to exploit my superior . I do not accept that there should be measures outside the legal framework of a relative Or friend of is not the of the individual and we need cultural and intellectual revision with the existing human development . I used to listen to Saber in and in and the real religion in my opinion is not what we are practicing now . Marshal The personality of the late was stuck in the hearts of people and not just a picture . I was born and raised in one of the oldest regions of with a diversity of all spectra and categories . I am an man I love my country and I love people . Marshal The military commander is a lifelong experience of managing and holding positions . I have discovered two attempts to assassinate and believe in and I am not afraid . My family has agreed to my candidacy at home . I am not indebted to anyone but and the land Marshal The military establishment is very disciplined and there are values combine us in dealing inside . The called me to run on the day they went to referendum on the constitution . I decided I ran after the called me especially the simple ones to run . I said clearly that respect for the will of the supervised me from any position Marshal One of the problems of the previous regimes is not to communicate with people . silence in the last period was to ensure that the saw everything good . Allow me at the outset to welcome you and greet all . The interview for begins on and television and Radio 9090 Shortly after the meeting of on and Radio 9090 during his meeting with the delegation For more See the pictures of the conference of the masses of women through the link during the conference I hope to be at your good to all of you and that God will write to good and prosperity during the coming period . during the conference The majority of are poor and suffer difficult economic conditions as a result of the situation experienced by the state at the moment . during the conference the role of women The is too big to be developed for the future of . during the conference women should stand next to their country during the next stage and have a real role in development . in a for and Woman writes We did not charge anyone with the electoral propaganda of and warn against using his name For more information visit at pm on Radio 9090 with and . to the official channel of on through the link Video of the effectiveness of ... participants in the live via Twitter See the album through the link Member posts in the life of See the album through the link during a meeting with the delegation of media I say to the drop down and chose to carry the safety during a meeting with the delegation of media strength of strength internally and the country needs to unite all in the coming period . during his meeting with the media delegation Our relations with all will be within the framework of respect for sovereignty . during a meeting with the delegation of media What happened in has a great impact Not only the level of the world but on a larger level . during his meeting with the media delegation There must be cadres ready for youth to be used in future leadership positions . during his meeting with the media delegation We came out of from a crisis that no one has ever come out of and we will emerge from the current crisis . During his meeting with the media delegation said There are many axes to provide support to the state . during his meeting with the media delegation is a very large part of the province On the formation of awareness within the state . during a meeting with the delegation of media the people must stand next to the police to restore security of the street . during his meeting with the media delegation The level of security handling is very good when compared to the size of the challenges present in the society . during his meeting with the media delegation Youth are the largest bloc in society and must work to solve their problems . during a meeting with the delegation of media the formation of awareness does not apply with the reality is harming this country . during his meeting with the delegation of media I respect and love all .. And love is not words . during his meeting with the media delegation is part of the national fabric initiative of my idea Share your idea or project through the official website of the View the official website of 14 pictures of the most important stations in his life on this link live Follow the official and personal account of on .. Live Follow the official and personal account of on The meeting of with the delegation of the media through the link during the meeting I have a magic wanderer the will of the capable of making impossible . during the meeting There must be appropriate solutions to the problems of during the next stage . is facing great challenges at the present time and the level of dealing of the of the with various security issues at the moment very good . during the meeting The people if they have real confidence will do the impossible . If the homeland fell once will not return again and the problem of some that they are not aware of what may happen in society if the current status quo as it is . during the meeting the media must have a national understanding and honesty in the presentation and publication . during the meeting There must be a real mechanism for communication between the organs of the state and the media during the coming period to obtain information freely and impartiality . during The meeting I was inside the army in the best and most appropriate situation but the love of the country is what prompted me to run in the presidential elections . during the meeting religious discourse isolated from reality created a problem in the fabric of society and I lived in a neighborhood where there is no problem between the and . during his meeting with the media delegation The country is a secretariat in all our necks . live live today the official and personal account of the lawyer on . ... Working live the two countries live More details about the meeting of with the delegation of media through the link during the meeting the role of the media in the current stage a very ruling role which is able to restore the alignment of the . receives a delegation of media professionals and confirms during the meeting It is the public opinion that governs in the coming period not the regimes . I promise all to take responsibility with me . Building this homeland is our responsibility We will achieve stability safety and hope for all ... Together we achieve the dream of our country and live in ."}]