RT @ProfOsinbajo: In Aba, I inspected the programme and interacted with beneficiaries of the Rural Electrification Agency scheme, which has… RT @ProfOsinbajo: With this Initiative, we are hoping to bring reliable power supply to markets across Nigeria. Pilots already going on in… RT @ProfOsinbajo: After the Formal Launch of the N-Power Build in Enugu and the visit to the Obingwa Skills Center, I visited the Ariaria M… RT @ProfOsinbajo: As a Government investing heavily in capital projects, N-Power Build is a deliberate skills training and practical applic… RT @ProfOsinbajo: Yesterday, I was in Enugu for the Formal Launch of N-Power Build, our vocational and apprenticeship programme. https://t.… RT @ProfOsinbajo: Together, Benue will prevail, Nigeria will prevail! https://t.co/dnVvSwhiFB RT @ProfOsinbajo: While in Benue, I also took the opportunity to meet with traditional, religious and others leaders in the State in a town… RT @ProfOsinbajo: No one can quantify the pain and loss that has been felt by our brothers, sisters and children but we will rebuild and re… RT @ProfOsinbajo: The President has directed that I oversee the rehabilitation of these communities, ensure that our people can go back hom… RT @ProfOsinbajo: In the last two days, on behalf of President Muhammadu Buhari, I visited our brothers and sisters in the camps in Abegana… I received a briefing from the Chief of Army Staff this afternoon. The Army recently established a new battalion in Birnin-Gwari, Kaduna State, in addition to other deployments in troubled parts of the country. Our commitment to the peace and security of Nigeria is total. https://t.co/PpSfHlMT3B RT @NGRPresident: .@AsoRock in March 2017 commenced implementation of the second leg of the Lagos-Kano line, which is the Lagos-Ibadan line… RT @NGRPresident: Today’s signing, by Transport Min @ChibuikeAmaechi on behalf of @AsoRock, follows approval of the contract by the Federal… RT @NGRPresident: The Ibadan-Kaduna Standard Gauge line will run through Oshogbo-Ilorin-Minna-Kaduna, with a single track branch line from… RT @NGRPresident: .@AsoRock today signed a US$6.68 Billion contract for the Ibadan – Kaduna Railway Segment of the Lagos-Kano Railway Line,… RT @NGRPresident: On behalf of @AsoRock, Minister of Transport @ChibuikeAmaechi today signed a US$6.68 Billion contract for the Ibadan–Kadu… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari on the fight against Corruption https://t.co/78qV3kX2vW RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari on the fight against Corruption https://t.co/tp5w2hDruO RT @NGRPresident: PHOTOS: New Standard-Gauge Rail Line connecting Lagos to Ibadan, flagged off by VP @ProfOsinbajo in 2017, and currently u… RT @NGRPresident: PHOTOS: New Standard-Gauge Rail Line connecting Lagos to Ibadan, flagged off by VP @ProfOsinbajo in 2017, and currently u… I thank the Government and people of Benue and other affected States for their understanding and continued support, as we work to restore peace and security to all troubled areas. We are also engaging with State Governments and community leaders, to build trust and understanding and ensure that all grievances are identified and addressed. I have approved the sum of 10 Billion Naira for the rebuilding of affected communities, and tasked the Vice President to oversee the disbursement of the funds, to ensure that our goal of rehabilitation and rebuilding is achieved. We will ensure we secure their communities, and we will help them to return home to rebuild their lives and livelihoods, and get every child back to school. We are increasing security deployments in the North Central and North West, where there have been violent attacks on communities by bandits and criminals. In addition we are focusing on the humanitarian challenges; the welfare of all the displaced people now living in camps. The Federal government released over N1.2 trillion for capital projects in 2016 and N1.5 trillion in the 2017 budget, figures that are unprecedented in the history of our country. We accomplished a lot more with the much less that oil prices and a recession confronted us with. Nigeria’s future is very bright. The economy has taken a turn for the better,our foreign reserves are approaching twice what we inherited, investor confidence is high, the Naira is stable. And just today the announcement that inflation has declined for the 15th consecutive month. RT @NGRPresident: VP @ProfOsinbajo in Benue State this afternoon, to visit and show support to IDPs. Our commitment to Benue and other Stat… RT @NGRPresident: 6/ On Monday 14th May, 2018, Chief of @HQNigerianArmy Staff, Lt Gen. Tukur Buratai, flagged-off the Army’s newly-establis… RT @NGRPresident: 5/ The Nigerian Police Force @PoliceNG has inaugurated a new Mobile Squadron in Takum, Taraba State. 
#SecuringNigeria RT @NGRPresident: 4/ President @MBuhari has approved the creation of a new Area Command and two additional Divisional Police Headquarters i… RT @NGRPresident: 3/ In Benue, the Nigerian Military has assembled a Special Intervention Force of more than 1,000 personnel, to secure the… RT @NGRPresident: 2/ The Nigerian Air Force has established three new Quick Response Wings (QRW), in Taraba, Nasarawa &amp; Benue states respec… RT @NGRPresident: 1/ At the end of April, the Nigerian Air Force @NigAirForce took delivery of a second batch of 2 brand new Mi-35M helicop… RT @AsoRock: In order to sustain the positive momentum so far experienced in Nigeria's #AgriculturalRevolution, President @MBuhari flagged… We are doing more with less, in everything. From our progress in Agriculture, to the modernization of Nigeria’s rail networks, to our Social Investment, and other initiatives; we will make positive impact across every part of Nigeria, create jobs, and grow &amp; diversify the economy Among other projects, I flagged-off rehabilitation and expansion works on the 6,000-hectare Hadejia Valley Irrigation project. When completed it will serve more than 25,000 farmers. The World Bank is assisting us on the project, and we’re grateful for their support. https://t.co/6Lzk6ghaZl I spent the last two days in Jigawa State, seeing proof that Nigeria’s agricultural revolution is alive and well and on course. I have no doubt that we will deliver on our vision for a country that grows what it eats and produces what it consumes. The APC takes internal democracy seriously, and the success of the Ekiti Primary, with more than 30 aspirants, further validates our party’s democratic credentials. Let me assure that we will continue to work hard to lead Nigeria to the next level of its development journey. I would also like to commend all the participants in the keenly-contested Primary. I would like them to uphold the values and philosophy of the APC by joining hands to support Dr. Fayemi in the forthcoming elections. Congratulations to @kfayemi on winning the APC ticket to contest the July 14, 2018 governorship elections in Ekiti State. I have no doubt that Dr Fayemi’s track record as a reformist—with a passion for education, health and welfare—will stand him in good stead in the elections. RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari is back in Abuja. He arrived this evening from London. I’m deeply saddened by the news of the passing of the Gen Secretary of the Christian Association of Nigeria, Rev (Dr) Musa Asake. This is a huge loss to the Christian community in Nigeria. I pray that God Almighty will grant his soul eternal rest, and comfort all who mourn. RT @NGRPresident: Pres @MBuhari will tomorrow, Tuesday undertake a four-day trip to the United Kingdom, to see how doctor. He will return S… We will continue to engage to resolve issues and ensure that our common goal of leadership and service, for the good of the country, is not undermined or sidetracked in any way. This leadership is what Nigerians elected us to deliver, and we will not let you down. This afternoon, on my return from Daura, I met with the Senate President and Speaker of the House of Representatives, at the State House. I briefed them on my recent trip to the US to meet with President Trump, and we also discussed the 2018 budget. https://t.co/kyGyjWyb8I RT @NGRPresident: State House Press Release: Birnin Gwari Killings – President @MBuhari Approves New Security Measures https://t.co/wP9glbc… The Presidency @NGRPresident has issued a statement to this effect. I look forward to my 2-day State Visit to Jigawa State on Monday and Tuesday next week, after my return. I will be traveling to the United Kingdom tomorrow, to see my doctor, at his request. Will be away for four days; back in Abuja on Saturday, May 12. RT @NGRPresident: STATE HOUSE PRESS RELEASE: Birnin Gwari Killings – President @MBuhari Approves New Security Measures https://t.co/wP9glbc… I am not in politics for fun, frivolity or to amass wealth. I have always been driven by a deep sense of commitment to make a difference to the lives of our people. And my decision to seek a second term in office is informed by this passion to truly serve Nigeria and Nigerians. https://t.co/hfq6qjVuN8 The APC Ward Congresses today are a demonstration of our firm belief in the ideals of democracy, and the supremacy of the Party’s Constitution. Also a reminder that politics should be driven, not by selfish ambition, but by a desire to serve the people and improve their lives. RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari has arrived Daura, Katsina State, to participate in the APC Ward Congress holding tomorrow. https://t.… RT @NGRPresident: PMB: “As a young officer in the Nigerian military decades ago, my work took me around Nigeria and made me familiar with t… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari: “In fact, very few major infrastructure projects were completed in Nigeria in the years leading to my… RT @NGRPresident: PMB: “The grand corruption of our recent past, that saw billions of $$$ frittered away on fraudulent oil deals &amp; bogus mi… RT @ProfOsinbajo: The Presidential Enabling Business Environment Council (PEBEC) is not just a public sector effort.

It is a combination o… RT @NGRPresident: READ: President @MBuhari in @Newsweek on the special relationship between #Nigeria and the U.S.— Security and Military Co… RT @realDonaldTrump: Yesterday, it was my great honor to welcome President @MBuhari of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the @WhiteHouse!… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari: It will always be important to remind Nigerians about where Nigeria was when we came in, where we are… RT @NGRPresident: .@AsoRock is committed to spending 1% of its Budget on Healthcare, in line with the National Health Act. 
The policy deci… RT @Newsweek: Nigerian President Buhari: Relationship with U.S. is crucial to success for Africa’s biggest economy | Opinion https://t.co/B… RT @NGRPresident: In this Op-Ed for @Newsweek, to mark his Official Visit to Washington DC and Meeting with President Trump, President @MBu… RT @NGRPresident: #ICYMI: #PMBInDC started at the weekend with a landmark Infrastructure Agreement between @AsoRock and an International co… RT @NGRPresident: A busy day for President @MBuhari in Washington, DC. After his meeting with President Trump, he met with delegations of A… Nigeria’s relationship with the United States is crucial to our success, via @Newsweek https://t.co/2gBOMJnSS1 #PMBinDC It was truly a pleasure and honour to visit Washington DC at the kind invitation of President Trump. The United States remains for us in Nigeria a valued friend and strategic partner, whose support and solidarity over the years has meant a great deal to us. https://t.co/miFjiXF3XF I had a very productive meeting with President Trump today at the White House. Key issues discussed: Security, Anti-Corruption, Trade, Human Rights, Humanitarian

Read my speeches here:

During Working Lunch https://t.co/IApHI0H7v7

During Press Conference https://t.co/HQLbKjypUz https://t.co/19hGeyM9vj RT @NGRPresident: Today President @MBuhari will become the first sub-Saharan African Head of State to meet with US President Donald Trump i… I want to assure the people of Benue, and all Nigerians, that we will ensure that the assailants are apprehended and brought to justice for this vile and sacrilegious act. This latest assault on innocent persons is particularly despicable. Violating a place of worship, killing priests and worshippers is not only vile, evil and satanic, it is clearly calculated to stoke up religious conflict and plunge our communities into endless bloodletting. I extend my sincere condolences to the Govt and people of Benue State, the Mbalom community, and especially the Bishop, priests &amp; members of the St Ignatius' Catholic Church, whose premises was the unfortunate venue of the heinous killings of worshippers &amp; two priests by gunmen. This week I met with a group of young Nigerians living in the UK. We had a long discussion about Nigeria: the opportunities wasted by a Party that failed to use the resources of the country for the good of its people, and how my administration is now correcting those failings. https://t.co/6DHP7G7jcR As long as I remain the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of the Federal Republic of Nigeria the Chibok girls will NEVER be forgotten. Everything possible will be done to have them reunited with their families. Don't imagine for a moment that we have forgotten about our daughters or that we consider their freedom a lost cause. Not on my watch! We are however not relenting. We will continue to persist, and the parents should please not give up. Don't give up hope of seeing our daughters back home again. Don't lose faith in our ability to fulfill our promise of reuniting you with our daughters. We know that this is not the news parents want to hear after four years of waiting, but we want to be as honest as possible with you. Unfortunately, the negotiations between the government and Boko Haram suffered some unexpected setbacks, owing mainly to a lack of agreement among their abductors, whose internal differences have led to a divergence of voices regarding the outcome of the talks. My administration remains focused and determined to see that the remaining #ChibokGirls and Leah Sharibu return safely to their homes and their families. Rest assured that we are doing our very best to free the girls from their captors. I appeal to the parents to keep their hopes alive regarding the return of their daughters. The recent safe return of more than 100 of the #DapchiGirls, following the determined efforts of the Federal Government, should give all of us confidence that all hope is not lost. As we commemorate the 4th anniversary of the abduction of the #ChibokGirls tomorrow, April 14, let me again assure the parents and families that their daughters will never be forgotten or abandoned to their fate. RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari’s New Vision for the Niger Delta is yielding results. Finally the Maritime University in Delta State k… RT @JustinWelby: Honour to meet Nigerian President @MBuhari in London today. I offered support in seeking a sustainable solution to the her… I received a visit from the Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby and the Secretary General Worldwide of Anglican Communion, and former Archbishop of Kaduna, Josiah Idowu-Fearon. Our High Commissioner to the UK, Rtd Justice George Oguntade was also present. https://t.co/xYKMZCFN4I RT @ProfOsinbajo: Nnachi shares his experience making workshop overalls for 20,000 N-Power Build beneficiaries in Aba.

We will continue to… RT @NGRPresident: This Week. #Highlights #AsoVillaWeekly #video https://t.co/6kk0yfSU5P I am delighted to join our Christian brothers and sisters to commemorate this year’s Easter celebration. May it bring us renewed hope and confidence as a great nation. 

My 2018 Easter Message to the Nation: 

https://t.co/xFE9J6gPkh RT @NGRPresident: Once again, I welcome you all to this meeting with the hope that we will promote, always, the highest interest of the par… RT @NGRPresident: Fortunately, we have already approved a timetable for the holding of congresses and elections. I think these should be al… RT @NGRPresident: I am therefore of the firm view that it is better to follow strictly the dictates of our party and national constitutions… RT @NGRPresident: This is not to talk of divisions that would arise, and is already arising within the party, when some of our members feel… RT @NGRPresident: Furthermore, I think if we deviate from the constitutional provisions,we might be endangering the fortunes of our party.… RT @NGRPresident: In this circumstance, what is expected of us is to conduct fresh elections, once the tenure of the current executives app… RT @NGRPresident: Furthermore, Article 31 of our Party Constitution provides that any principal officer wishing to re-contest or contest fo… RT @NGRPresident: While APC Constitution, Article 17(1) &amp; 13.2(B), limits tenure of elected officers to 4 years, renewable once by election… RT @NGRPresident: On my own part, I have taken some time to review and seek advise on the resolution. And what I found is that it contraven… RT @NGRPresident: This motion was duly carried by a majority of members present at the last NEC Meeting, even though some of our party memb… RT @NGRPresident: As we all know, a motion was moved at the last National Executive Committee meeting of February 27, 2018, to the effect t… RT @NGRPresident: In particular, I think it is important for me to speak quickly on the contentious issue of the tenure of our National and… RT @NGRPresident: I am delighted to once again welcome you to this NEC Meeting of our great party. As we usually do, I hope we will take th… RT @NGRPresident: Remarks by President @MBuhari at the National Executive Committee (NEC) Meeting of the All Progressives Congress (APC), i… RT @NGRPresident: In this week's video, Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity @FemAdesina speaks on how the @MBuhari Admi… My heart goes out to Leah’s parents, who must watch other parents rejoice while their own daughter remains in captivity. It is my responsibility, under the Constitution of Nigeria, to protect all Nigerians—and I will always strive to do that. Leah will not be abandoned. It is disheartening that one of the girls, Leah Sharibu, remains in captivity. Let me assure that I am as committed to her freedom as I was to the girls’ freedom when all 110 of them were in captivity. We will do everything in our power to bring Leah back safely. I received the news of the return of our Dapchi daughters with great joy. And I look forward to receiving them at the State House. I thank everyone who was involved in the negotiations for their return. RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari: We will not agree to anything that will undermine local manufacturers and entrepreneurs, or that may… RT @NGRPresident: The President believes that the Economic and security implications of Nigeria signing the #AfCFTA Agreement need to be FU… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari today at the Federal Executive Council (FEC) Meeting set up a Presidential Committee to widen consulta… RT @NGRPresident: Government of #Nigeria Statement on the #DapchiGirls:

- Developing situation. Documentation of released girls ongoing.… RT @AsoRock: VIDEO: VP @ProfOsinbajo at #oguninvestorsforum on the scale of ‘grand corruption’ that ensured #Nigeria saw no benefits from y… We are therefore widening and deepening domestic consultations on the CFTA, to ensure that all concerns are respectfully addressed. Any African Free trade agreement must Fairly and Equitably represent the interest of Nigeria, and indeed, her African brothers and sisters. As Africa’s largest economy and most populous country, we are committed to ensuring that all trade agreements we sign are beneficial to the long-term prosperity of the continent. Nigeria fully recognizes &amp; appreciates the efforts of the African Union Commission so far, regarding the implementation of a sustainable Continental Free Trade Agreement(CFTA) for Africa. We also acknowledge that our continental aspirations must complement our national interests. The Food Security Council will bring together the Federal Government, State Governors - who will be represented by 6 Governors from across party and regional lines (Kebbi, Lagos, Ebonyi, Delta, Taraba and Plateau), Security Agencies, and key players in our agriculture sector. Next week I will inaugurate a Food Security Council, which I will personally Chair, and which will work closely with the private sector to ensure alignment of all related policies, as well as bring greater efficiency to our farming, fisheries and livestock production. I would like to specially thank all who have played a part in the success we’re witnessing: Ministers, State Governors, the CBN - managers of our Anchor Borrowers Program, and very importantly the investors and millers. We must continue to collaborate for even greater success. The numbers so far have been impressive: investments of more than 300 billion Naira — a significant part of this invested during the recession; and largely in rural areas, building mills, creating jobs, empowering our rural areas. But there is still a lot more to be done. Last week in Abuja I met with stakeholders in the rice sector: investors, farmers, processors and dealers. I am extremely pleased by the impact they’re making in our rural economy; some of the most remote and hitherto forgotten parts of Nigeria. RT @NGRPresident: VIDEO: Pres @MBuhari today commissioned @theFMNGroup’s Sunti Golden Sugar Estates in Niger State

N50BN investment, one o… We have the fertile land, we have water, we have the manpower, to feed ourselves. We also have the political will. And we all know that when Nigerians are committed to executing a task, it gets done; when we all come together with the same vision, Nigeria must surely win. https://t.co/9exE8YOQid Our agriculture vision continues to be for a country that grows what it eats; one in which everyone—especially our youth—sees Agriculture as a financially viable sector; a country that supports farmers; and that promotes programs that will open up and invest in our rural areas. As I noted a few days ago at a Meeting with key players in Rice in Nigeria, since 2015, @ProfOsinbajo and I have commissioned several agricultural projects and programs, across the country—From rice to wheat to cashew to animal feed to fertiliser, drinks processing and many more. https://t.co/N8e1JHEBSD I commissioned the Sunti Golden Sugar Estates in Niger State today. We’re grateful to all investors who continued to invest even during the recession, demonstrating great confidence in our policies. We will continue to support the private sector to create jobs and prosperity. https://t.co/nQ5C2kbBSX Once again I sympathize with the people of Benue State, and the families of all those who‘ve lost their lives in these attacks. The security agencies will continue to work to protect all Nigerians. And we will not allow anyone who takes the life of a Nigerian to evade justice. https://t.co/eqKp3YSJoa There are more than 250 ethnic groups in Nigeria, with different cultures and beliefs. God has put us together for a reason, and we can live peacefully together. On our part as Government I assure that we will diligently fulfill our duty of security and law enforcement. I will not be President forever, Governor Ortom will not be Governor forever. Long after our service, farmers and herdsmen in Benue and elsewhere in Nigeria will still exist and will live and work side-by-side. It is our hope that this co-existence will always be a peaceful one. https://t.co/hbyH5aLf7c My message to the people of Benue today, during my visit: We are doing everything possible to end the recurring attacks by armed herdsmen in various parts of Nigeria. 
I also appealed to them to please give the security agencies a chance to deal with the situation decisively. https://t.co/8PNOI3XMgg Happy 61st Birthday, @ProfOsinbajo. Thank you for being a loyal and dependable partner on this journey. I join millions of your friends and well-wishers around the world to wish you many more years of service to God, to Nigeria, and to humanity. https://t.co/CNAXJ5Vpcr My Speech at the 61st Independence Anniversary of the Republic of Ghana, today in Accra. I echoed the words of Kwame Nkrumah: “Those who would judge us merely by the heights we have achieved would do well to remember the depths from which we started.”
https://t.co/BVnPBtZ7sg https://t.co/uSFrMMNHuR In addition to law enforcement, we are also working with vulnerable local communities and their leaders. My message in Jalingo yesterday was that the Federal Government will support traditional institutions to fulfill their important roles as agents of peace and security. Our security agencies have made progress in terms of arrests in many of the areas that have witnessed these regrettable acts of violence. We have increased deployment of personnel and resources, and the fight against illegal and unauthorized weapons has been stepped up. I will be visiting Benue, Yobe, Zamfara and Rivers as well. All have witnessed unimaginable acts of violence since this year. I deeply sympathize with all who’ve lost family and loved ones. We are taking this issue very seriously, through law enforcement and peacebuilding. Yesterday in Jalingo, Taraba State, I met with traditional rulers, community leaders, and representatives of farmers &amp; herdsmen. It was also an opportunity to once again express my condolences to all those affected by violence, and to assure the State of my commitment to security https://t.co/fAHArnuIKe RT @NGRPresident: VIDEO: Highlights of the Week #AsoVillaWeekly https://t.co/pxoFKUZy51 Boko Haram's recent cowardly attacks have only renewed the determination of our government to bring the insurgency to a decisive end, in the shortest possible time. I sympathize with the United Nations and other humanitarian agencies working in Rann, Borno State. RT @NGRPresident: Also, Senior military &amp; security officials—Chief of Defence Staff; Chief of Naval Staff; Chief of Army Staff; DG, Dept of… RT @NGRPresident: .@AsoRock Statement, released today by Minister of @FMICNigeria, Lai Mohammed: 

"The ongoing search for the 110 girls wh… RT @ProfOsinbajo: You can read the full text of the speech I shared at the Lagos-Kano summit here 👇

https://t.co/htqv9T4lfb RT @NGRPresident: In his remarks, Sheikh Al-Thani expressed his delegation’s interest in investing in Nigeria’s oil, railway, aviation and… RT @NGRPresident: 4/ The agricultural sector is expected to continue its strong showing, while manufacturing should also show sustained gro… RT @NGRPresident: 3/ The positive trajectory for the economy should begin to gain momentum as the multiplier effects of investments in infr… RT @NGRPresident: 2/ The non-oil sector experienced a growth of 1.45% in Q4 2017 as compared to a contraction in the previous quarter and t… RT @NGRPresident: GDP figures released this week by @nigerianstat show that all major sectors of the economy, namely Agriculture, Industry… Unlike under previous Governments where trucks conveying fertiliser would miraculously disappear in transit, in 2017, none of the three thousand, three hundred and thirty three (3,333) trucks that participated in the PFI went missing.
https://t.co/yHzrPy1SeW Let me thank the Governor of Jigawa State &amp; Chair of the PFI Implementation Committee; members of the Fertiliser Producers &amp; Suppliers Association of Nigeria (FEPSAN), the Nigerian Sovereign Investment Authority (NSIA), and the 3 banks that answered the invitation to participate. https://t.co/o40gcx8Xv5 15 months ago a Meeting I held with His Majesty King Mohammed VI of Morocco formally birthed the Presidential Fertilizer Initiative (PFI). Today in Abuja we reviewed the progress. I thank everyone who has worked tirelessly to make the programme a success https://t.co/yHzrPy1SeW https://t.co/ZL11edRMO1 RT @NGRPresident: Objectives of the PFI:
- End Fertilizer importation
- Bring Fertilizer subsidy regime to a close
- Revive moribund local… RT @NGRPresident: The Presidential Fertilizer Initiative (PFI) was launched by Pres @MBuhari Dec 2016 and kicked off Jan 2017. The outcome… RT @NGRPresident: This morning at the State House, President @MBuhari will preside over a Meeting on the Presidential Fertilizer Initiative… RT @NGRPresident: UPDATE: The Search for the missing Dapchi Girls. @HQNigerianArmy @NigAirForce @PoliceNG and other security agencies are a… They told me that they had given up all hope of ever coming back alive. I assured them that we will never give up on any of our citizens. 
I have asked the security agencies to ensure that every abducted person—including the Dapchi girls—is safely released. https://t.co/pqNEi7ENoS There were the University of Maiduguri lecturers, abducted while on service to their fatherland, and also the women abducted from a funeral procession. Today they are safely back home, and Nigeria rejoices with them and with their families. https://t.co/NKMkApDtyM I can't fully express the joy I felt I this afternoon, as I received our citizens recently released from Boko Haram captivity—fathers, mothers, sons, daughters. We will go to any length to ensure that no one is left behind in the hands of terrorists. Every Nigerian life matters! https://t.co/5bQJKlfZuI RT @NGRPresident: VIDEO: President @MBuhari and Vice President @ProfOsinbajo this week https://t.co/mBYj4D0LbK #AsoVillaWeekly #GovtAtWorkN… RT @NGRPresident: .@NigAirForce intensifies efforts to locate missing Dapchi girls; deploys additional air assets, including Intelligence,… RT @AsoRock: 9/ The FG delegation, which comprised Ministers of @FMICNigeria &amp; Interior, held an enlarged meeting attended by Gov Ibrahim G… RT @AsoRock: 8/ The Minister of Interior said the delegation embarked on the trip in order to get the facts right "so that the approach to… RT @AsoRock: 7/ Min @FMICNigeria: "We're back here in Yobe as part of efforts to provide some succour to the parents of the girls, to let t… RT @AsoRock: 6/ Min @FMICNigeria: ''This is the 2nd time in 4 days that a FG
delegation would visit Yobe since the unfortunate incident. Th… RT @AsoRock: 5/ The Minister disclosed that the Federal Government has stepped up
efforts to rescue the girls and return them safely to the… RT @AsoRock: 4/ Alhaji Mohammed also announced that the Federal Government has
directed the police and civil defence authorities in Yobe St… RT @AsoRock: 3/ He said that based on the briefings from the Principal of the College, Hajia Adama Abdulkarim, and the @GovtYobeState Commi… RT @AsoRock: 2/ Min of @FMICNigeria, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, announced the figure after a meeting between a FG Delegation &amp; Reps of key stakeh… RT @AsoRock: UPDATE: The Federal Government has confirmed that 110 students of the Government Science and Technical College in Dapchi, Yobe… RT @NGRPresident: VIDEO: Highlights of the Week #AsoVillaWeekly https://t.co/mBYj4D0LbK The military has since been deployed in response, and we are now sending more troops and surveillance aircraft to keep an eye on all movements in the entire territory on a 24-hour basis. The entire country stands as one with the families, and with the government and people of Yobe State. This is a national disaster. We are sorry that it happened; we share your pain. Let me assure that our gallant armed forces will locate and safely return all the missing girls. I want the families of the girls yet unaccounted for at the Government Girls Technical College, Dapchi to know that no effort will be spared to ensure that all of them are returned safely, and the attackers arrested and made to face justice. I share the anguish of all the parents and guardians of the girls that remain unaccounted for. I would like to assure them that we are doing all in our power to ensure the safe return of all the girls. I have directed the Military and Police to mobilize immediately to ensure that all the missing girls of Government Girls Secondary School, Dapchi, are found. The Minister of Defence will also lead a Federal Government delegation to Yobe tomorrow, to ascertain the situation. The perpetrators of all of these senseless attacks on innocent and defenceless Nigerians, in all parts of the country, will be made to face the full wrath of the law. We must and will bring the spilling of innocent blood to an end. May the souls of the dead Rest In Peace. I have directed the Minister of Defence to proceed immediately to Zamfara State to undertake an on-the-spot assessment of the situation there. My deepest condolences to the families of the victims of the Birane Village massacre, and the Government and people of Zamfara. RT @NGRPresident: 4/ In addition, the Tsaigumi UAV could be deployed for the protection of wildlife, weather forecast and telecast. Additio… RT @NGRPresident: @NigAirForce 3/ The @NigAirForce Tsaigumi UAV will be used for ISR operations in land and sea domains. It could also be u… RT @NGRPresident: @NigAirForce 2/ The Tsaigumi UAV inducted by PMB today is capable of day &amp; night operations,has an operational endurance… RT @NGRPresident: Tsaigumi, the UAV inducted into service today is the first OPERATIONAL indigenous UAV developed by @NigAirForce. 

The ea… I salute the leadership and statesmanship of former President Jacob Zuma, and wish him the best in his future endeavours. @CyrilRamaphosa Congratulations also to the African National Congress (ANC), and the Government and people of South Africa, on the peaceful transfer of power that resulted in the election of President Ramaphosa. Congratulations to @CyrilRamaphosa on his election today as the President of the Republic of South Africa. I look forward to working with him, and to the continuing cooperation of the Governments of Africa’s two leading economies. Today in Kaduna I attended the induction of @NigAirForce's ‘TSAIGUMI’, Nigeria’s first indigenously-developed Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV). It is most gratifying that the Air Force has gone a step further than simply acquiring UAVs, to locally developing them. https://t.co/8pLJizXjV2 Part of our success story in the Northeast is that Boko Haram is finding it more difficult to recruit people. The Nigerian Army is intensifying its onslaught; I am confident that we will soon achieve our goal of dismembering the group and rendering it completely powerless. Let me also assure that all persons arrested so far, including those arrested for illegally possessing arms, will be duly prosecuted. I urge judicial officers to be alive to responsibilities in this regard, to enable the speedy dispensation of justice. Our law enforcement agencies must at all times stay ahead of bandits and criminals, wherever they are across the country, by efficiently gathering, sharing and acting on credible Intelligence. I am assuring that we will give them all the support needed to succeed. One of the resolutions from our Security Meeting today is that all our law enforcement agencies must take intelligence-gathering and sharing much more seriously. The Police and DSS especially have been charged to step up their efforts and capacity in this regard. https://t.co/5MtTgLfRZ3 Today I presided over a Meeting of the Security Council. We fully understand the seriousness &amp; urgency of Nigeria's security issues, and are determined to implement carefully considered solutions that will not only earn the confidence of Nigerians, but also stand the test of time https://t.co/KrQ4ffLV6x I am very pleased by this. I commend all those who made it possible, especially the International Committee of the Red Cross, ICRC, for facilitating the negotiations. I have asked the DSS and @HQNigerianArmy to intensify efforts to bring home our remaining Chibok Girls. https://t.co/CZUFWZxaEP RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari The disciplinary actions are in pursuance of section 292 (1) (b) of the 1999 Constitution (as amended). Justice… RT @NGRPresident: Following recommendations from the National Judicial Council (NJC), President @MBuhari has approved the compulsory retire… RT @AsoRock: We're increasing security deployment - @HQNigerianArmy @PoliceNG @NigAirForce - to Benue and neighboring states, as part of ef… I'm extending my best wishes to #TeamNigeria as they proudly step out in Nigerian colours at the Winter Olympics in South Korea. Congratulations to Seun Adigun, Ngozi Onwumere, Akuoma Omeoga  and Simidele Adeagbo, who are all making history for themselves and for Nigeria. RT @AsoRock: #DidYouKnow 25 major road projects across the 6 geopolitical zones are currently being funded from the proceeds of the 100 bil… We will continue to work closely with all stakeholders—State Governments, local communities, farmers, pastoralists, civil society and others—and to support initiatives to ensure peace and stability in restive areas. Questions and false insinuations have also come up regarding the Ranching solution proposed by Federal the Government. Let me state very clearly that the policy— conceived after wide consultations with stakeholders—is not meant to colonize any part of the country. I would like Nigerians to look at what we have accomplished so far in the Northeast, when you compare what the condition was before we came in and what it is now. We are bringing that same determination and political will to all of Nigeria's other security challenges. At every step, I have tried to foresee these security problems, counting on my experience as a former military officer who commanded three out of the four divisions of the Nigerian army, in Lagos, Ibadan and Jos. We will surely make progress, and end the bloodshed. It is quite frankly dishonest and unfair to insinuate that I am sitting doing nothing, while these killings are going on. Nothing could be further from the truth. I have and will continue to act in line with my responsibility as President to ensure security of lives and property. The security agencies have standing instructions to arrest and prosecute any and all persons found with illegal arms. In addition, quite a number of arrests have been made so far, in relation to the killings, and all these persons will be duly prosecuted. The recent killings in Benue, Adamawa, Taraba, and Zamfara states are all regrettable, and saddening. But even more importantly, I am very much aware of all the issues at stake, and doing my best to ensure that justice is done and the security of lives and property guaranteed. Today I met with the Catholic Bishops Conference of Nigeria (CBCN), led by Archbishop Ignatius Kaigama. It was a welcome opportunity for me to explain in detail what we're doing as a Government to bring permanent resolution to herdsmen-farmers conflicts &amp; violence across Nigeria. https://t.co/9duVmArpTq RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari With the execution of these Instruments, it is expected that Nigeria’s aviation links with the respective countr… RT @NGRPresident: Following the approval of the Federal Executive Council (FEC), President  @MBuhari today in Abuja signed the Instruments… I have repeatedly emphasized my vision for a Nigeria that produces what it consumes. To attain that vision, it is vital that local companies get preference in planning, designing and executing Sci, Tech &amp; Eng. projects. The EO I signed today is an important step in that journey. https://t.co/ZLy1N8ASst RT @NGRPresident: #ICYMI 
On Friday January 26, 2018, before he traveled to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia for the #30thAUSummit, President @MBuhari… By this Order, in accordance with the authority vested in me by the Constitution, all procuring authorities shall give preference to Nigerian companies and firms in the award of contracts, in line with the Public Procurement Act of 2007. https://t.co/miTgy0lhs0 RT @NGRPresident: @ProfOsinbajo 2/ The Working Group has constituted a Sub-Committee to visit frontline States, and hold consultations with… RT @NGRPresident: Today VP @ProfOsinbajo chaired a meeting of the National Economic Council (NEC) Working Group on Herdsmen/Farmers violenc… I wrote to the President of the Senate, outlining the several actions we have taken in response to the killings in Benue State. Let me again assure all Nigerians of my commitment to ensuring that justice is done and that Nigerians are kept safe and secure—https://t.co/os3VO8afkc https://t.co/biezCcEqU1 Congratulations to the home-based Super Eagles on their CHAN semi-final victory over Sudan tonight. Millions of Nigerians are rejoicing with you tonight, and eagerly looking forward to the final on Sunday. We are proud of you! We must push ahead to speedily establish the Continental Free Trade Area (CFTA), which will make Africa more integrated, united &amp; prosperous. As one of the principal architects of the African Union, Nigeria will show leadership and direction in this regard—https://t.co/iqRnaMFE0o https://t.co/s9GLXvPShL On behalf of the Govt of Nigeria, and on my own behalf, I thank the @_AfricanUnion for entrusting me with the responsibility of serving as Champion of this year's theme: "Winning the fight against Corruption: A Sustainable Path to Africa’s Transformation." https://t.co/VAmzHm9VOH https://t.co/j5lfCqxJ5I With former President Olusegun Obasanjo and former Head of State Abdulsalami Abubakar at the AU Summit in Addis Ababa, today. #30thAUSummit https://t.co/ZiqqeRByuG RT @_AfricanUnion: H.E Mr. Muhammadu Buhari @MBuhari, President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria nominated as the Champion of the theme f… RT @NGRPresident: Highlights: President @MBuhari and Vice President @ProfOsinbajo this week. #AsoVillaWeekly #GovtAtWorkNG https://t.co/Nmv… RT @NGRPresident: Special Adviser to the President on Economic Matters speaks on the Special Economic Zones (SEZs) Agenda of the @MBuhari A… We will not repeat the mistakes of the past, when as a country we failed to fully utilize rising oil prices to develop our infrastructure. Our administration's pledge to you is that we will make every Naira count, for the development of Nigeria. #TheYearOfInfrastructure I want to assure Nigerians that every additional income that comes to the Federal Government in 2018, from the rising price of crude oil, will be deployed to infrastructure projects: roads, rail, and power, for the benefit of all our people. #TheYearOfInfrastructure Yesterday I chaired a National Security Council Meeting. We are stepping up our efforts to tackle the proliferation of small arms and light weapons across the country. The security agencies already have standing instructions to arrest and prosecute anyone found with illegal arms. https://t.co/ttmV2inDsY RT @NGRPresident: Some of projects to watch: #AbujaLightRail, 25 Road Projects funded by the N100 billion Sukuk bond (16.67bn Naira to each… RT @NGRPresident: In addition to the increased deployment of security personnel, Vice President @ProfOsinbajo is also chairing a special Co… Pleased to welcome Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Chief Bisi Akande to the State House this afternoon. https://t.co/T6hZftbufT On the economy I'm pleased with the progress we're making, the stable Naira, falling inflation, rising external reserves, rising harvests, an improving business environment as demonstrated by our rise in the World Bank's Doing Business Index, and growing manufacturer confidence. Security will also continue to be a priority. We have increased the deployment of security forces, to halt the attacks by herdsmen on communities, and bring to an end the sorrow and hardships that vulnerable communities have had to endure. Our focus in 2018 is infrastructure: roads, our railway projects, power, and airport concessions. We will intensify our efforts, and you will see progress. In this regard we are very grateful for what the Chinese are doing to support us, in financial and technical ways. RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari hosting a delegation of APC Leaders from the Southeast at the State House this afternoon. 

Read our F… RT @AsoRock: President @MBuhari in his January 1, 2018 address: "Management of @FedRoadsNGR has been reconstituted and has been charged wit… RT @NGRPresident: The APC Southeast Leaders delegation have arrived for their meeting with President @MBuhari. https://t.co/QVkt7Pvisc Today I received APC Leaders from the southeast. I thanked them for  consistently standing by me and supporting our administration. Even at the risk of abuse they stand firm and try to explain our vision. I'm very grateful for their efforts and sacrifices. I will never forget. https://t.co/ZJ23UsBXKd RT @NGRPresident: Agenda included the recent killings in Benue State. The Federal Government will continue to take every step necessary to… RT @NGRPresident: President Buhari this evening hosted Principal Officers of @NGRSenate at the State House: Senate President @bukolasaraki,… Today I welcomed the President of The Gambia, @BarrowPresident, to the Presidential Villa. I'm delighted that Nigeria was able to offer support during a very critical period. I look forward to continuing collaboration between our two countries. https://t.co/faNeF8qt2j RT @NGRPresident: VIDEO: Inside President @MBuhari's Meeting with Benue Leaders
#SecuringBenue https://t.co/aqCY2pZA3i I have just finished a meeting with stakeholders from Benue State. My message to them: I will fully keep the oath I swore to protect all Nigerians. The Police, Army and DSS are working hard to keep Benue safe, and to bring all the perpetrators of the killings to justice. https://t.co/oT7gQs9kSF RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari Cross-section of Benue Elders - State Govt officials, Present and past public office holders, Traditional Rulers… Today we honour the memory of our veterans, who paid the supreme sacrifice to keep Nigeria secure, united and at peace. I salute their gallantry and selflessness. Their labour on our behalf will never be forgotten. #ArmedForcesRemembranceDay https://t.co/lA9olFwMXp RT @NGRPresident: ONGOING: President @MBuhari meeting with Senate President @bukolasaraki &amp; Speaker @YakubDogara on the security situation… RT @NGRPresident: VIDEO: This week in/by the Presidency. 
#SecuringBenue
#FECBrief
#AsoVillaToday https://t.co/X2mpqC1LIa RT @NGRPresident: UPDATE:

5 Mobile @PoliceNG Units deployed to neighbouring Nasarawa State to protect the persons displaced by the attacks… Our security efforts in Benue State so far. Let me reassure all Nigerians that security of life and property continues to be top of our agenda, in line with our election pledge and promises: 

https://t.co/l5QE6P2K6K Let me specially thank @Michael_CXT, whose submission inspired the final design of my 2017 Season's Greetings Card. He won the open competition @NGRPresident organized to design the Card. I congratulate him, and wish him the best in his future endeavors. https://t.co/SNNlvyc7m3 RT @NGRPresident: "Gaddafi's long rule produced many people, whose only skill is how to shoot guns. Now, they are scattered around the cont… RT @PoliceNG: More Units of the Police Special Forces, Counter Terrorism Units, and Conventional Policemen are already being deployed to th… RT @PoliceNG: In compliance with the Presidential directives, the IGP is moving into Benue state with additional Five (5) Units of PMF maki… RT @PoliceNG: The President and commander in Chief of Armed Forces, Federal Republic of Nigeria has ordered few hours ago, that  the IGP mo… RT @PoliceNG: Following the recent unfortunate killings of innocent people in Guma and Logo LGAs in Benue State and the intervention, and o… RT @PoliceNG: PRESIDENT ORDERS IGP TO MOVE TO BENUE STATE TO RESTORE LAW AND ORDER AND PREVENT FURTHER LOSS OF LIVES AND ATTACKS IN GUMA AN… RT @PoliceNG: Benue Killings: IGP to relocate to Benue on the directives of the President, moving in with 5 additional units of PMF personn… I just met with the Governor of Benue State. I assured Governor Ortom of our total commitment to the security of lives &amp; property in Benue and elsewhere. We have deployed additional security resources to fish out the attackers, bring them to justice, and prevent further attacks. https://t.co/d4MPtfOpd1 RT @NGRPresident: In addition, the IG of @PoliceNG has deployed Police Aerial Surveillance Helicopters, Police Mobile Force; Police Special… RT @NGRPresident: Update on @AsoRock response to killings in Benue State:

-Pres @MBuhari met with IG of @PoliceNG yesterday

-IGP has depl… RT @NGRPresident: Speech: President Buhari at the Launch of new Locomotives and Coaches for the Kaduna-Abuja Train Service – January 4, 201… RT @NGRPresident: Speech: President Buhari at the Commissioning of the Kaduna Inland Dry Port – January 4, 2018 https://t.co/Vax5vJ687i #Ka… Our Customs and Ports officials must now make the Kaduna Inland Dry Port work. They must not frustrate business, commercial and industrial enterprises with unnecessary bureaucracy and delays. Our 'ease of doing business' attitude must be visible; we must make this Port work. I congratulate the Kaduna State Govt, Ministry of Transportation, and Nigerian Shippers’ Council.
And let me specially commend the initiative of the Shippers’ Council, &amp; the Kaduna Govt for facilitating the establishment of the Port by providing access roads and other utilities. Today is a landmark day for our importers and exporters. The Kaduna Inland Dry Port is the first proper Inland Dry Port to be completed among the seven approved across the country. Six others — in Ibadan, Aba, Kano, Jos, Funtua and Maiduguri — are at various stages of completion. Today in Kaduna I'm pleased to commission 2 additional locomotives &amp; 10 additional Passenger coaches for the Abuja-Kaduna Rail service; and to commission the new Inland Container Depot. Nigeria's infrastructure is being steadily upgraded, &amp; our economy is set for jobs and growth. As I promised in my New Year's Day Address, we're stepping up our interventions not only to combat crime and violence nationwide, but also to ensure that culprits are swiftly and severely punished. My condolences to the Govt and people of Benue, and the families of the victims. One of our pledges to Nigerians is that we will ensure the safety and security of lives everywhere in the country.We will keep this promise. Let me assure that security agencies are working to arrest those behind the regrettable attack in Benue State, and prevent further attacks. I appeal to the communities affected not to embark on reprisal attacks, but allow the security agencies to carry out comprehensive investigations so that the culprits can be identified and properly punished. I received with dismay the reports of killings in Omoku, Rivers State and in Sango LGA of Kaduna State. This violence is unacceptable. Let me assure that security agencies are working to speedily bring the perpetrators to justice. May God comfort the families of the victims. Good morning. And I wish everyone a Happy New Year.
#PMBNewYearSpeech Finally let me again express my heartfelt thanks to all Nigerians who prayed for me during my illness last year. I feel deeply humbled by your prayers and good wishes and I am more determined than ever to serve you to the best of my ability. #PMBNewYearSpeech I am grateful to all the Governors and other Political &amp; Community leaders of the Niger Delta States for their part in bringing relative peace to the areas.
#PMBNewYearSpeech With respect to the Niger Delta, Government is still engaging responsible leadership of the Communities to help in identifying and addressing genuine grievances of the region. Our clean-up programme in collaboration with the @UN is making satisfactory progress. #PMBNewYearSpeech With regard to rampant cases of kidnappings, we are taking immediate short-term measures to combat this new evil creeping into our societies. Tighter police methods and swift and severe punishment for those proved to be engaged in kidnapping are on the way. #PMBNewYearSpeech Terrorism and urban crimes are world-wide phenomena and our security forces are continuously adapting their responses to changing threats.
#PMBNewYearSpeech On behalf of all Nigerians let me offer our thanks to the Armed forces, the Police, other para-military forces and traditional authorities who are working round the clock to ensure that you and I go about our normal business in reasonable safety. #PMBNewYearSpeech Our government remains determined to protect all Nigerians in line with our election pledge and promises. #PMBNewYearSpeech We have since beaten Boko Haram. Isolated attacks still occur, but even the best-policed countries cannot prevent determined criminals from committing terrible acts of terror as we have seen during the past years in Europe, Asia, Middle East, elsewhere in Africa and in America. Before I conclude my address I must reassure my fellow citizens that security of life and property is still top of our government’s agenda. #PMBNewYearSpeech We should draw encouragement from the series of bye-elections conducted by @inecnigeria last year which were generally violence-free and their outcomes adjudged to be free and fair.
#PMBNewYearSpeech Political discourse should be conducted with civility, decorum and in a constitutional manner. We all have a collective responsibility to strengthen our democracy and entrench the rule of law. 
#PMBNewYearSpeech In this respect the rest of Nigeria could learn from the South Western States who have successfully internalized religion, ethnicity and politics.
#PMBNewYearSpeech As the electioneering season approaches politicians must avoid exploiting ethnicity and religion by linking ethnicity with religion and religion with politics. Such must be avoided at all costs if we are to live in harmony.
#PMBNewYearSpeech I assure you that government is ever receptive to ideas which will improve governance and contribute to the country's peace and stability.
#PMBNewYearSpeech However, there is a strong case for a closer look at the cost of government and for the public services long used to extravagance, waste and corruption to change for the better. #PMBNewYearSpeech We must give a long period of trial and improvement before the system we have adopted is anywhere near fit for purpose.
#PMBNewYearSpeech We tried the Parliamentary system: we jettisoned it. Now there are shrill cries for a return to the Parliamentary structure. In older democracies these systems took centuries to evolve so we cannot expect a copied system to neatly fit our purposes. #PMBNewYearSpeech We Nigerians can be very impatient &amp; want to improve our conditions faster than may be possible considering our resources and capabilities. When all the aggregates of nationwide opinions are considered, my firm view is that our problems are more to do with process than structure. No human law or edifice is perfect. Whatever structure we develop must periodically be perfected according to changing circumstances and the country's socio-economic developments. #PMBNewYearSpeech In respect of political developments, I have kept a close watch on the on-going debate about "Restructuring". #PMBNewYearSpeech Great nations are built by enterprising people who turn their hands to anything that circumstances dictate.
#PMBNewYearSpeech By the same token, I am today appealing to enterprising Nigerians with ideas and unemployed graduates and other able-bodied and literate men and women with ideas to not just sit and wait for employment from the government or the Organized Private Sector. #PMBNewYearSpeech Rice imports will stop this year. Local rice, fresher and more nutritious, will be on our dishes from now on. #PMBNewYearSpeech Two years ago I appealed to people to go back to the land. I am highly gratified that agriculture has picked up, contributing to the government's effort to re-structure the economy. #PMBNewYearSpeech We have got to get used to discipline and direction in economic management. The days of business as usual are numbered. #PMBNewYearSpeech Diversification efforts have resulted in improved output particularly in agriculture and solid minerals sectors. The relative exchange rate stability has improved manufacturing sector performance.
#PMBNewYearSpeech The government is slowly stabilizing the economy. 
It was in order to change the steady and steep decline that we adopted the more sustainable policies and programmes captured in the Economic Recovery Plan. #PMBNewYearSpeech You will recall that it was not until last year that we got out of the economic recession into which the country had fallen as a consequence of past unsustainable economic policies which projected short-term illusory growth. 
#PMBNewYearSpeech These massive public works should spearhead the recovery and lead millions back to employment. 
#PMBNewYearSpeech This Administration is working with the privatised distribution Companies to overcome the continuing challenges of distribution.
#PMBNewYearSpeech TCN and the Niger Delta Holding Co have added 1,950MVA of 330 down to 132KV transformer capacity of 10 transmission stations &amp; 2,930MVA of 132 down to 33KV transformer capacity of 42 sub-stations including Ikot Ekpene, Aba, Alagbon, Ajah, Ejigbo, Funtua &amp; Zaria. #PMBNewYearSpeech As I mentioned earlier, the Transmission Company of Nigeria can now distribute all the 7,000MW that can be generated.  
#PMBNewYearSpeech ... with a financing commitment from the government of China.  Completion is targeted for 2023.
#PMBNewYearSpeech The Mambilla Hydroelectric Power Project is at last taking off. This project has been on the drawing Board for 40 years, but now the engineering, procurement and construction contract for the 3,050MW project has been agreed with a Chinese joint venture Company 
#PMBNewYearSpeech The transmission and other requirements to operate the 30MW Gurara Phase 1 Hydroelectric Plant, the 40MW Kashimbilla Hydroelectric Plant and the 215 MW Kaduna Gas/LPG/Diesel Power Plant will also be completed this year.
#PMBNewYearSpeech The Zungeru 700MW Hydroelectric Power Project, stalled by court cases is due for completion in 2019.  
#PMBNewYearSpeech Katsina Power Project is now being tested and producing 10MW of power from wind for the first time in Nigeria. It should be fully operational this year. 
#PMBNewYearSpeech Several moribund projects have been revived. Repairs of Afam Power Station added 110MW in 2017 and another 240MW will be added this year through a private investment partnership.
#PMBNewYearSpeech Consequently, generation has now reached 7,000MW. On December 8, 2017 the country achieved 5,155MW of power delivered to consumers, the highest level ever recorded. 
#PMBNewYearSpeech The Payment Assurance Guarantee Scheme which started in January 2017 has enabled the Nigerian Bulk Electricity Trader to raise so far N701 billion to assure Generation Companies of at least 80% payment for any power delivered to the national grid.
#PMBNewYearSpeech More Nigerians across the country are experiencing improved power supply to their homes and businesses. However, power remains a concern to this government because too many people still do not have regular and reliable supply. #PMBNewYearSpeech In addition, Government has approved work to start on the re-construction of Abuja – Kaduna – Zaria – Kano road which is in a state of disrepair. Work will soon start and is expected to be completed in 2019.

#PMBNewYearSpeech f.    Kaduna Eastern Bypass,

g.  Dualization of Kano – Maiduguri Road,

h.  Dualization of Abuja – Lokoja – Benin Road,

i.    Dualization of Suleja – Minna Road.

 #PMBNewYearSpeech The following major highways are to receive special attention:

a.  Oyo – Ogbomosho,

b.  Ofusu – Ore – Ajebandele – Shagamu,

c.  Yenagoa Road Junction – Kolo Otuoke – Bayelsa Palm,

d.  Enugu – Port Harcourt Dual Carriage Way,

e.  Onitsha – Enugu Expressway,

#PMBNewYearSpeech Government is undertaking repairs and maintenance of 44 roads within the six geo-political zones. 

Twenty-five major highways will be funded under the N100b SUKUK facility. Each geo-political zone will benefit by an equal amount of N16.67b. 

#PMBNewYearSpeech The Management of the Federal Road Maintenance Agency (FERMA) has been reconstituted and has been charged with a 12-week rapid intervention in road repairs to cover all the geo-political zones. #PMBNewYearSpeech 12 railway stations around the capital over a 45.2km route will serve as a catalyst and a pull factor to the economy of the area. The Light Rail System will reduce traffic congestion and carbon emission in line with the Administration’s policy on climate change. #PMBNewYearSpeech This train service will stimulate economic activities in the Federal Capital and provide residents with an efficient and safe transportation system. 
#PMBNewYearSpeech With respect to the Abuja Light Rail, progress has reached 98% completion, as at 64% completion when we assumed office. Only test runs remain before start of operations.
#PMBNewYearSpeech In the next few years, all these Nigerian cities will be linked by functional modern rail systems, giving enormous boost to the social and economic life of our people. #PMBNewYearSpeech Secondly, the Lagos to Calabar "Coastal Rail", through Ore, Benin, Agbor, Asaba, Onitsha, Sapele, Ughelli, Warri, Yenagoa, Otuoke, Port Harcourt, Aba, Uyo and Calabar.  
#PMBNewYearSpeech Negotiations are also advanced for the construction of other railway lines, firstly from Kano to Maradi in Niger Republic passing through Kazaure, Daura, Katsina, Jibiato Maradi.
#PMBNewYearSpeech The Abuja to Itakpe line will go through Baro and terminate in Warri, with construction of a new seaport at Warri. #PMBNewYearSpeech At the same time I have approved and negotiations will be concluded in the first part of this year for the Port Harcourt to Maiduguri line covering Aba, Owerri, Umuahia, Enugu, Awka, Abakaliki, Makurdi, Lafia, Jos, Bauchi, Gombe, Yola and Damaturu. #PMBNewYearSpeech The Abuja – Kaduna route will be boosted by additional rolling stock next Thursday and will be able to handle one million commuters annually. #PMBNewYearSpeech Construction of the Kano – Kaduna segment is expected to commence this year and reach Kaduna by the end of 2019. By the end of 2021 the two ends will be joined so that we will have standard gauge railway across the main North-South trading route. #PMBNewYearSpeech The line should reach Ibadan from Lagos by the end of this year and will carry two million passengers per year and five million tons of cargo will be transported every year giving a substantial boost to the country’s economy.
#PMBNewYearSpeech With regards to Railways, we have set ourselves ambitious targets. Already in construction stage is the Lagos-Kano Standard Gauge Railway.   
 #PMBNewYearSpeech .@FMPWH is one of the drivers of this Government’s commitment to renew and increase Nigeria’s stock of infrastructure in order to achieve global economic competitiveness as targeted under the Economic Recovery and Growth Plan. #PMBNewYearSpeech We are going to make significant in-roads in advancing road, rail and power projects across the country. #PMBNewYearSpeech My address to fellow Nigerians this morning is devoted mainly to informing you about the intense efforts this Administration is putting to address our country's huge infrastructural deficit.
#PMBNewYearSpeech We must change our way of doing things or we will stagnate and be left behind in the race to lift our people out of poverty and into prosperity. #PMBNewYearSpeech Such unpatriotism will not divert the Administration from the course we have set ourselves. Our government's watch word and policy thrust is CHANGE. #PMBNewYearSpeech I am determined to get to the root of this collective blackmail of all Nigerians and ensure that whichever groups are behind this manipulated hardship will be prevented from doing so again.
#PMBNewYearSpeech The consequence was that not many could travel and the few who did had to pay exorbitant transport fares. This is unacceptable given that NNPC had taken measures to ensure availability at all depots. #PMBNewYearSpeech Instead of showing love, companionship and charity, some of our compatriots chose this period to inflict severe hardship on us all by creating unnecessary fuel scarcity across the country.
#PMBNewYearSpeech Unfortunately, I am saddened to acknowledge that for many this Christmas and New Year holidays have been anything but merry and happy. #PMBNewYearSpeech I join my fellow citizens this morning to welcome and celebrate the New Year 2018. This year promises to be pivotal in our quest for CHANGE. 
 #PMBNewYearSpeech Happy New Year to all Nigerians. You can read the text of my New Year's Address here: https://t.co/1RGhuHlayF I am deeply convinced that better days lie ahead for us as a nation as we make progress on all the major fronts where we have set our energies to surmount the challenges. 

And in this season of hope, let us remember to provide refuge and help to those less privileged than us. https://t.co/FUyHTM4DZH I wish all Nigerians Happy Christmas celebrations. As I noted yesterday, the fuel scarcity that has caused many of you to spend this period on fuel queues is deeply regretted. All relevant agencies of Government are working round-the-clock to bring relief to you. RT @ProfOsinbajo: I do hope that you still find time to reflect on the miracle of Christmas to lift your spirit and that of your family. Go… RT @ProfOsinbajo: We sympathise with you and are working assiduously to eliminate this pain in the shortest possible time.  We regret this… RT @ProfOsinbajo: This is something that President Buhari is deeply concerned about, mandating all relevant persons to bring an end to the… RT @ProfOsinbajo: Christmas is a time of cheer, joy, and hope for the coming New Year. Many people would love to be around their families,… RT @AsoRock: President @MBuhari on #FuelScarcity: I have the NNPC's assurance that the situation will improve significantly over the next f… I have also directed the regulators to step up their surveillance and bring an end to hoarding and price inflation by marketers.

Let me also assure that the relevant agencies will continue to provide updates on the situation. I thank you all for your patience and understanding. I have the NNPC's assurance that the situation will improve significantly over the next few days, as new shipments and supplies are distributed across the country. The fuel scarcity being experienced nationwide is regrettable. I sympathize with all Nigerians,on having to endure needless fuel queues. I'm being regularly briefed, especially on the NNPC's interventions to ensure that there is enough petrol available during this period &amp; beyond The national leadership of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) visited today. I assured them of our commitment to the Rule of Law and due process, and made it clear that we expect a corresponding duty on their part to ensure the highest forms of discipline among their members. https://t.co/TBRHE5XHjL Today I signed the Condolence Register for the late former Vice President, Alex Ekwueme. We lost a great man, a statesman totally committed to the unity of Nigeria. The story of Nigeria's democracy would be incomplete without him. May his soul Rest In Peace. https://t.co/trSDCkCg6P Happy 55th birthday to @bukolasaraki. I join members of the National Assembly, friends and family in celebrating a distinguished Nigerian who has made his mark on the political scene. May God grant him more years of good health, wisdom and fulfillment in the service of Nigeria. I'm spending a few days at home in Daura before I travel to France for the One Planet Summit. Today I paid a visit to my farm. I grow fruits &amp; vegetables,&amp; keep cattle. I hope this will inspire one more person to take up farming. My vision is for a country that grows what it eats https://t.co/gMZIpHOtYk Before I concluded my Visit to Kano State I commissioned two factories: the Gerawa Oil Mills Limited, and the Fullmark Rice Mills. Both are fully indigenous companies, and testament to the success of our efforts at creating an enabling environment for investment in Nigeria. RT @ProfOsinbajo: Like I said to the leaders in those communities, anybody can fight, anybody can kill but nobody benefits from killing and… RT @ProfOsinbajo: I listened to members of the communities narrate their experiences in Numan and Dong, Adamawa State, where our citizens w… RT @NGRPresident: Highlights of #PMBinKano 

State House Press Releases here: 

1. https://t.co/urbYqRZ7uk

2. https://t.co/ocbM3osBDM http… RT @AsoRock: Fuel Situation Intervention:

Short term:
- DPR &amp; PPPRA carrying out stricter monitoring of fuel supply &amp; distribution
- @NNPC… RT @AsoRock: There is no shortage of fuel supply nationwide. What's happening is Hoarding caused by unfounded rumors of a price increase.… RT @AsoRock: UPDATE: @FMPRng &amp; @NNPCgroup on top of the fuel supply situation nationwide.

Additional trucking ongoing to major cities, fro… As I've repeatedly said, the only way I can repay Nigeria and Nigerians for their faith in me, is to completely dedicate myself to serving you. I will not let you down. I will continue to belong to everybody and belong to nobody, as I promised in my Inauguration address. I'm grateful for the very enthusiastic welcome I've received in Kano. As I said at the dinner reception for me last night,I think it has also sent a clear message to the opposition. I'm deeply &amp; eternally grateful to God &amp; the people of Kano for the complete trust they have in me Regarding corruption,when I was a military HoS, we locked every suspect in Kirikiri prisons until they proved they were not guilty. Now things are different. The constitution guarantees that everyone is innocent until proven guilty.That is the constitution, &amp; we will abide by it! This morning I met with religious leaders in Kano. We discussed issues relating to law enforcement, the fight against corruption, and the growing problem of drug abuse in Nigeria, especially among our youth. We will go after those who sell and distribute these illicit substances. My condolences to the families of the victims of the bomb attacks in Biu yesterday. I'm confident that the Intelligence Fusion Center we're setting up in Maiduguri will help us stay ahead of Boko Haram's desperate attacks on soft targets. May the souls of the dead rest in peace. RT @NGRPresident: The claim by former Vice President @atiku, in an interview published today, that "for about 15 years, Buhari could not en… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari has arrived Aqaba, Jordan, for the Counter-Terrorism Summit which starts tomorrow.
The Summit, hosted… Today I held a Bilateral Meeting with King Abdullah II of Jordan. We agreed that more than ever the world requires cooperation and information sharing to defeat terrorism and extremism. I also thanked the King for Jordan's consistent security support to Nigeria. #PMBinJordan https://t.co/6NH8mba7A5 RT @ProfOsinbajo: Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises are the engine of economic growth in Nigeria. The MSME clinics are designed to provid… RT @AsoRock: VIDEO: Vice President @ProfOsinbajo's remarks at today's Meeting on the migrant situation involving Nigerian citizens in Libya… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari congratulates @wizkidayo and @iam_Davido on their big wins at the @MOBOAwards. The President joins the… RT @NGRPresident: On the sidelines of the #AUEUSummit17, President @MBuhari held Bilateral Meetings with: 
- President Alassane Ouattara of… Also met with Chancellor Merkel yesterday, in Abidjan. We discussed increased cooperation to check the illegal migration of Nigerians to Europe. We also discussed the progress of our war on terrorism, as well as investment opportunities in Nigeria for German companies. https://t.co/lQ9iNtPqxX I met with President Ouattara on the sidelines of the AU-EU Summit. An opportunity for frank talk about the situation in Togo. We must find a solution. The government and opposition must work to gain each other's trust. Instability in Togo will have serious regional consequences. https://t.co/4Ij89jFpnV We have also started bringing back home all Nigerians stranded in Libya and elsewhere. We will ensure they all return home safely and are rehabilitated. The situation in Libya, of people being sold into slavery, is appalling and unacceptable. We will do everything to protect our citizens wherever they might be. RT @NGRPresident: Read the Vice President's Speech, outlining the trajectory of the Nigerian economy since the @MBuhari administration came… I shared with His Royal Majesty the strong relationship I maintained with his predecessor and father, who was a Federal Permanent Secretary in the 1970s. The late Oba Erediauwa I was a backbone of support for me when I was Federal Commissioner for Petroleum Resources. https://t.co/rMeQqhEkEg Today I received the Oba of Benin, His Royal Majesty, Omo N’Oba Uku Akpolokpolo, Oba Ewuare II. I have great respect and admiration for the Eweka Dynasty of Benin Kingdom. From the colonial era till now they have consistently played a stabilizing role in the affairs of Nigeria. https://t.co/gs3FKFd7w5 Saddened by the very cruel and dastardly suicide bombing attack in a mosque in Mubi, earlier today. My condolences to the families of the victims, and the government and people of Adamawa State. May the souls of the dead rest in peace. I wish Governor Obiano a successful second term in office, and assure him that the Federal Government under my watch will continue to work with him for the peace, progress and development of Anambra State. @WillieMObiano @inecnigeria The peaceful conduct and outcome of the Anambra election is an important step in the right direction, as we continue our electoral reform efforts. I am determined to give Nigeria free and fair elections, no matter which way the results swing. I congratulate Governor @WillieMObiano on his re-election. Let me also commend the people of Anambra State, the candidates, @inecnigeria, security agencies and all other stakeholders, on the peaceful conduct of Saturday's election. Today in Abuja I declared open the 2017 All Nigeria Judges Conference. We will continue to respect the Constitutional rights of the Judiciary, and expect its full support and collaboration in our fight against Corruption. https://t.co/NM7ra8Pmyc On behalf of the Federal Executive Council, and all Nigerians, I wish former President @GEJonathan a happy 60th birthday, today. I pray that the Almighty God will continue to bless him with good health, wisdom and strength. https://t.co/3ugnm8U6ud My condolences go to his family, friends, the Government and people of Anambra State, Ndigbo, and to the entire nation. May God grant his family the fortitude to bear this loss. Dr. Ekwueme lived a worthy life, excelled in professional practice, in business, in politics, in philanthropy. He served Nigeria and humanity. We will miss his counsel and wisdom on national issues. May his soul rest in peace. I mourn the death of former Vice President, Dr. Alex Ekwueme, a patriot and statesman. His life was marked by an unwavering commitment to the unity and progress of Nigeria; and his personal sacrifices helped lay the foundation for our democracy. I will continue to express my gratitude to all Nigerians for your kindness and support during my medical vacation. The only way I can repay you is to rededicate myself to working to protect your interests and to build the Nigeria of our dreams. #ANewNigeria #Change https://t.co/AiMh7hC18D RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari: "There is no part of Nigeria where you will not find Igbo entrepreneurs. So I am asking you all not t… RT @ProfOsinbajo: Today, I presided over a Govt/Private sector meeting on how to resolve the Apapa traffic gridlock. 
Last week, I flew ove… Congratulations to our soaring Super Eagles, and to all Nigerians, on tonight's victory against Argentina. Let me specially commend Governor David Umahi for his vision and commitment to the development of Ebonyi State. We are united by our unwavering commitment towards ensuring that the lives of our people are made better by our service. https://t.co/WQeW6dFHo6 Let me make this clear: We will deliver on all our promises to you. I said it when I met with Southeast leaders last month in Abuja, in response to the issues they raised about the state of roads and infrastructure in the region. I'm saying it again: We will not let you down. The welcome also came with 2 Chieftaincy titles: Enyioma 1 of Ebonyi, which I am told means Trustworthy friend of Ebonyi; &amp; Ochioha Ndigbo, which means Leader of Igbo people. I am a strong believer in the unity of Nigeria. Our diversity should be a source of strength not weakness https://t.co/GJBJiH5tzg I thank the people of the Southeast for the enthusiastic welcome they've accorded me since I arrived this morning. From Enugu to Abakaliki, I have enjoyed a profuse display of warmth from everyone; political leaders, traditional leaders, citizens. I thank you all. https://t.co/yxNhRFFmIw RT @NGRPresident: Enyioma 1 of Ebonyi and Ochioha Ndi Igbo 1. 

#PMBinSE https://t.co/JM2dVRUnoT I touched on the situation in Kaduna, where Gov @elrufai is trying to implement important reforms. It's a very serious situation when teachers cannot pass the exams they're supposed to administer to their students. It underscores the urgent need for comprehensive national reform. I just opened a Special Retreat of the Federal Executive Council on the challenges facing Nigeria's education sector. We've brought together Government officials, academic experts, civil society and development institutions for this all-important conversation. The CAN delegation raised concerns about the allegations of one-sidedness in federal appointments. I assured them that we will look at it. I have already instructed that a list of all heads of parastatals be submitted to me. We will ensure that we treat all Nigerians equitably. Following the meeting with Christian leaders, led by the President of the Christian Association of Nigeria, Rev Ayokunle, I met with a delegation of Muslim leaders, led by the Secretary General of Jama'atu Nasril Islam (JNI), Dr. Khalid Abubakar Aliyu. https://t.co/Q9RiVEimhT RT @AsoRock: President @MBuhari in a closed-door meeting with members and leadership of the Christian Association of Nigeria  (CAN) at the… I just welcomed Christian leaders to the State House, for a meeting. At 2pm I will meet with Muslim leaders. Our diversity is one of the most important things about us as a nation, and we must do everything in our power to promote religious harmony and understanding. https://t.co/Yhi94eJnqs RT @NGRPresident: Infrastructure continues to be one of the priorities of the @MBuhari Administration. New locomotives and coaches have arr… @NGRPresident Doing More With Less; Keeping the Promise of Change. @nsia_nigeria has seen inflows of $500m under the @MBuhari Administration 
#GovtAtWorkNG #MoreWithLess https://t.co/edg8NoHvaJ 15/ Our SWF did not receive new investment for 4 years of record high oil prices.
But despite low prices, we invested an additional US$500m. 14/ A new non-stop express Train service(1 hour 15min) between Abuja &amp; Kaduna will launch by December 2017,to complement existing services 13/ We've commenced extension of the Lagos-Ibadan Standard Gauge Rail Line to connect Apapa &amp; Tin Can Port Complexes. Completion by Dec 2018 12/ We have approved a N701bn Payment Guarantee Scheme that will assure GenCos of up to 80% payment on invoices, &amp; restore sector confidence 11/ Since 2015 the TCN and NDPHC have invested and worked to expand Transmission capacity, so that today it can handle up to 7,000MW. 10/ We're introducing innovative financing to bridge infrastructure gaps. Like private sector road interventions in exchange for tax credits 9/ In addition we have also been adjudged one of the world's Top 10 Reformers by the standards of the World Bank Doing Business Index. 8/ Our target for this year's World Bank Doing Business Index was to move 20 places up. We moved 24. I commend VP @ProfOsinbajo and PEBEC. 7/ 2008 Nigeria was ranked 120th on World Bank's Doing Biz Index. By 2015 when we took office,we'd fallen to 169. In 2017 we're up 24 places 6/ In the 2016 Budget we invested 1.2 Trillion Naira in infrastructure. This is the highest ever in Nigeria's history. We will do even more. 5/ Our Social Investment Prog is feeding 4.5m Schoolchildren; employed 200,000 unemployed graduates; &amp; disbursed loans to 250,000 businesses 4/ We've kick-started the abandoned Itakpe-Ajaokuta-Warri Rail Line, unfinished for over 17 years. We expect to commission it by Sept 2018. 3/ The Bonny-Bodo Road, conceived decades ago and then abandoned, is now back on course, jointly funded by the FGN and Nigeria LNG Limited 2/ All of the 100 billion Naira we raised from our recent Sukuk financing is going into the development of 25 key roads across Nigeria. 1/ Abuja Metro Rail, only 50% completed as at 2015 when we took office—after 8 years. I'm proud to say we've now taken it to 98% completion. I will leave with you a few highlights from my speech today. Some of the evidence of the CHANGE we promised and continue to speak about. 2 points I'd like to reiterate:
1. The quickest solutions not always the best
2. Only Nigerian solutions can fix Nigeria's unique problems I will never tire of repeating this: a new era is here, the old Nigeria is surely disappearing. We must work together to sustain this CHANGE I thank you for your support and goodwill. As we emerge from a very difficult economic period, I'm confident that a new Nigeria beckons. Let me reassure all Nigerians of our determination to bring succour to you, to improve your lives, and deliver on our promises to you. I appeal to the National Assembly to swiftly consider &amp; pass the 2018 Appropriation Bill.Let us work together to strengthen our relationship I cannot but commend the patriotism &amp; collaboration of the National Assembly, in our collective effort to move Nigeria forward. I thank you. This afternoon I presented the 2018 Budget Proposal to a joint session of the National Assembly. https://t.co/MjnCOTauZ2 RT @ProfOsinbajo: Nigeria has moved up 24 places to 145th in the World Bank’s ‘Doing Business’ report published today. https://t.co/kyxJPJH… I'm deeply grieved to learn of the passing of Jide Tinubu. My deepest condolences to the Tinubu family on this sad and painful loss. I look forward to even greater achievements that will make a difference in the lives of all Nigerians. We will not let you down. I particularly commend PEBEC, chaired by Vice President @ProfOsinbajo, for this job well done in improving Nigeria's business environment. We also want foreign business visitors to obtain their visas on arrival; &amp; pass through our airports &amp; do their businesses with ease &amp; speed We want our people to be able to register their businesses speedily; access land &amp; credit &amp; obtain licenses without bureaucratic bottlenecks Our goal is to make it easy for people - Nigerians and foreigners alike - to invest and do business in Nigeria. I'm pleased by this progress I also congratulate all Stakeholders: the Presidential Enabling Business Environment Council (PEBEC), the National Assembly, &amp; State Govts. I congratulate all Nigerians on this landmark achievement, which symbolizes the success of our Ease of Doing Business Reforms. The news that Nigeria moved 24 places up in the World Bank Doing Business rankings released today is most welcome. I'm very pleased by it. Our Change, the Change that the APC represents, is here to stay. We will stay united as a Party &amp; continue to work for the good of Nigeria. We will expand the Federal Executive Council to bring in more people and fresh ideas, for the ultimate benefit of the people of Nigeria. Regarding concerns about the representation of our supporters in the Federal Government, rest assured that this is also being looked into. I know that our supporters are also very eager for these Board appointments to be announced. By God's grace they will be announced soon. I said last year that we would shortly reconstitute the Boards of Parastatals. I regret the fact that we've not done so, for many reasons. Nevertheless, we will not rest on these achievements. There are still quite a number of challenges before us, and we are well aware of these Today,the World Bank released its latest Business Rankings report. We moved up 24 places,&amp; are one of the world's 10 most improved countries Internationally, Nigeria's prestige and credit-worthiness have gone up. We have regained our respect on the International stage. We've seen regular supply of petroleum products, a successful Presidential Fertilizer Initiative; &amp; TSA Implementation. This change is real. The APC is proud of our achievements in the last 2 years: the fight against Boko Haram, Agric Revolution, Improved Power, Peace in the Delta I must therefore thank all stakeholders, as well as a number of non-APC members who have consistently risen above petty partisan interests. I am aware that it is sometimes easier to manage failure than to manage success—especially the kind of big success the APC achieved in 2015. I have a long list of people I would like to thank: our Party leadership, the leadership of the National Assembly, our State Governors. Today I attended a Meeting of the National Executive Committee of our party, the All Progressives Congress. RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari On the sidelines of the D-8 Summit, Nigeria and Pakistan agreed to revamp the Nigeria-Pakistan Joint Commission… RT @NGRPresident: Context: Defence section in Turkish Embassy, Abuja was established 2013 &amp; Nigeria’s Defence section in Ankara established… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari On DEFENCE, Nigeria and Pakistan agreed to strengthen the defence and military cooperation initiated by them a f… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari Nigerian delegation accepted offer by Turkish Govt to support the Maarif Organization for Education to set up sc… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari The Nigerian delegation brought home lessons from Turkey's use of Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT) model for funding… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari On Trade &amp; Investment, Pres @MBuhari &amp; @RT_Erdogan outlined ways to increase the size of trade &amp; investment btw… RT @NGRPresident: The response: The airport concession process in Nigeria is ongoing and Turkish Investors are welcome to participate. #PMB… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari On CIVIL AVIATION, Turkey made a case for a Turkish Company interested in bidding for the concession of the Abuj… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari @GarShehu On CIVIL AVIATION, Turkey made a request for increased air transportation slots for @TurkishAirlines #… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari On N/E Nigeria, both countries discussed possibility of collaborating to handle Internally Displaced Persons and… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari On SECURITY, Nigeria and Turkey agreed to partner in fighting transnational crimes, including the smuggling of i… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari Below are key points from #PMBinTurkey, summarized by SSA Media and Publicity @GarShehu, who was on the delegati… RT @NGRPresident: THREAD:
President @MBuhari visited Turkey between Oct 18—22, 2017, on a short State Visit and also to attend the D-8 Summ… That said, the integration agenda is a welcome one, &amp; Nigeria will surely play a leading role—as long as all concerns are properly addressed Nigeria's recommendation is for the constitution of an expert committee to come up with an acceptable Roadmap, and timelines and budget. We must not lower the criteria or be in a hurry simply because we want to achieve a monetary union.  There is still a lot of work to be done Our view is that ECOWAS member states are not yet fully prepared for a monetary union.This has always been one of Nigeria's primary concerns Nigeria will caution against any position that pushes for a fast-track approach to monetary union, while neglecting pertinent issues. Regarding integration, it is important to take into consideration our varying economic conditions,as well as the lessons unfolding in the EU Today in Niamey I urged ECOWAS countries to proceed with caution regarding the push for a single regional currency by 2020. RT @ProfOsinbajo: You can read the full text of what I shared at the EITI Beneficial Ownership Conference in Indonesia at 👇👇👇
https://t.co/… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari 3/ The report is to be submitted to the office of the Chief of Staff to the President before the close of work t… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari 2/ PMB has also asked Head of Service to submit a full report of the circumstances of Mr Maina's recall &amp; postin… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari has directed the immediate disengagement of Mr. Abdulrasheed Maina from the Federal Civil Service. There is no one who doesn't see that there's been a considerable improvement of security in the N/East. But we will not let down our guard. I highlighted our success in moving Boko Haram out from their strongholds. Even their attacks on soft targets are becoming less frequent. Our discussion also touched on the fight against terrorism, where we have recorded significant progress. I told PM Abbasi that Pakistan should take full advantage of the new investment climate in Nigeria—product of our @EBESnigeria reforms. https://t.co/UpY2IqdLgX The performance of our countries in relation to trade and industrial cooperation has however been very disappointing. We need to do more. https://t.co/4Wbf7OkdEL My bilateral meeting with Pakistani PM Shahid Khakan Abbasi was fruitful. We have a long history of defence and military cooperation. https://t.co/HEriYDmo53 On behalf of the government and people of Nigeria, I congratulate @akin_adesina and the @AfDB_Group family on the #WorldFoodPrize honour. https://t.co/fJAmKhfhgp I appeal to the communities in the region to continue to strive for peace through dialogue, to achieve conflict resolution. Our New Vision for the Niger Delta will ensure that the people of the region benefit from and enjoy the wealth of their land. #NDNewVision This is yet another demonstration of our commitment to fully deliver our New Vision for the Niger Delta #NDNewVision Today I signed into law a bill establishing the University of Petroleum Resources, Effurun, Delta State. #NDNewVision https://t.co/yC5pihPAPZ When our children thrive, Nigeria thrives. We have a duty &amp; responsibility to deliver a better Nigeria to them,and we will not let them down https://t.co/sYmfCzgLBB You may know 3-year-old Maya Jammal, from her 'Baba Buhari' videos. Today it was my pleasure to meet her, Nicole Benson &amp; Aisha Aliyu Gebbi https://t.co/g4LLwqi4rt Let me also use this opportunity to express my satisfaction with the mutually beneficial cooperation between Nigeria and China. It is my firm belief that the CPC's 19th National Congress will usher in a new period of great accomplishment for the Party and for China. On behalf of the Govt &amp; people of Nigeria, I congratulate the Communist Party of China on the occasion of their 19th National Congress. We will work honestly and faithfully with every region of Nigeria, for the good of all. We will not let anyone down. I want the Southeast to rest assured that we will deliver all the critical infrastructure projects we promised. https://t.co/pgxG52qbwt I thank the delegation for articulating their demands, and I promise that my administration will continue to serve every part of Nigeria. https://t.co/J5xaM3zj2v Let me again assure that we are committed to the delivery of these infrastructure projects, with funding support from China. Projects like the 2nd Niger Bridge, East-West Road &amp; Coastal Rail project, which will positively impact the Southeast, are a priority for us https://t.co/RvaDYVBYkR This afternoon I welcomed a delegation of South East leaders, led by Dep Senate President Ike Ekweremadu, to a meeting at the State House. https://t.co/KQcVzxQC1y I pray that the Almighty God will comfort their families and friends. My deepest sympathies go to the Government and people of Kaduna State. I am deeply saddened by the news of the tragic drowning of students of Victory College, Kaduna, while on an excursion. Our party's Governorship candidate in Anambra State, Hon Tony Nwoye, paid me a visit today at the State House. https://t.co/CtH0LuQnIJ We are pleased with the progress so far in the implementation of our Agric vision for Nigeria, but we will not rest on our oars. https://t.co/FxuQEQ7dL0 RT @NGRPresident: 'We've found in the @MBuhari administration a Government that is serious about Agriculture.' ~ PFI Testimonial 

https://… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari today received in audience the Governor of Oyo State @AAAjimobi at the State House. https://t.co/lPTOn… Briefing today, from the Security Chiefs. The Armed Forces &amp; other security agencies have our full support towards ensuring peace &amp; security https://t.co/tMOLhQZGKC The perseverance, resilience, discipline, hard work and team-spirit which has propelled the Eagles to excel is worthy of emulation by all. The Federal Government is grateful to the Government of Akwa Ibom for the invaluable support it has been rendering to the Super Eagles. Tonight the Super Eagles gave us  a 57th Independence Anniversary gift. I join millions of Nigerians in rejoicing with the players and crew. Today I received Governor Obiano at the State House. The Federal &amp; State Govts will work together to ensure free &amp; fair elections next month https://t.co/VIhpl5Vua4 In Maiduguri I also visited our heroes wounded in the line of duty. Nigeria will eternally be grateful for their sacrifice. https://t.co/xdbw4wpcsF Today I visited the Headquarters of Operation Lafiya Dole in Maiduguri, Borno State, to spend time with our troops. https://t.co/Y08MFz687T RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari Read the President's full #NigeriaAt57 Speech, delivered earlier today, here: https://t.co/EO0e7mDlPT #Security… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari is spending the day visiting Nigerian soldiers in Maiduguri, Borno State. #OurTroopsOurHeroes #Nigeria… RT @NGRPresident: Read the full text of President @MBuhari's Address to the Nation, to mark the 57th Independence Day Anniversary: https://… The 1st of October is a day for celebration; for thanksgiving, reflection, re-dedication. God bless our dear Nigeria https://t.co/O7GoldXPQr https://t.co/btTy48rgFM RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari presides over the Federal Executive Council (FEC) Meeting, at the Council Chambers of the State House,… She has won a well-deserved oppportunity to continue the strong leadership she has shown in domestic and International matters. I congratulate Chancellor Merkel on her electoral victory, and wish her a successful tenure ahead. RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari The matter of the security situation in the Gulf of Guinea was also discussed, and Nigeria welcomes continuing U… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari Pres @MBuhari also sought the support of President Trump regarding the speedy repatriation of looted Nigerian fu… RT @NGRPresident: Pres @MBuhari thanked Pres Trump for his goodwill phone call earlier in the year, and for fulfillment of his arms support… RT @NGRPresident: PHOTOS: Pres @MBuhari attends Lunch in honor of select African Heads of State, hosted by President @realDonaldTrump, on s… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari @realDonaldTrump VIDEO: President @MBuhari returning to his hotel after this afternoon's Lunch Meeting with Pres… RT @NGRPresident: This aft in New York, Pres @MBuhari attended a 
Lunch hosted by President @realDonaldTrump for a group of African Heads o… RT @NGRPresident: PHOTOS: President @MBuhari's Bilateral Meeting with the President of Ghana, HE @NAkufoAddo, on the sidelines of #UNGA #Ni… RT @NGRPresident: PHOTOS: President @MBuhari's Bilateral Meeting with His Majesty King Abdullah bin Al-Hussein, King of Jordan, on the side… @realDonaldTrump We discussed, among other things, America's ongoing support for Nigeria's fight against Terrorism and Corruption. This afternoon I joined a number of fellow African Heads of State at a Lunch hosted by President @realDonaldTrump. https://t.co/kdcOwv8lHC RT @NGRPresident: PHOTOS: Vice President @ProfOsinbajo presiding over the Federal Executive Council (FEC) Meeting at the State House, today… RT @NGRPresident: STATE HOUSE PRESS RELEASE: Pres @MBuhari thanks Jordan for donation of military hardware in support of fight against Terr… Read the full text of my Statement today at the General Debate of the 72nd Session of the @UN General Assembly https://t.co/olk98BQonO https://t.co/wXB6AZOKlJ RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: Nigeria will continue to support @UN in all its efforts, including attainment of 2030 Agenda for Sustainabl… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: Since admission as a member state in 1960, 🇳🇬 has always participated in all efforts to bring global peace,… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB ends by reiterating Nigeria’s abiding commitment to the foundational principles and goals of the @UN. #Niger… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: Korean peninsula crisis underscores urgency for member states to ratify w/out delay Treaty prohibiting nucl… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: Nigeria proposes strong UN delegation to urgently engage North Korean Leader. Delegation should include mem… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: As Hiroshima and Nagasaki painfully remind us, if we fail, the catastrophic human loss and environmental de… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: All necessary pressure and diplomatic efforts must be brought to bear on North Korea to accept peaceful res… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: Since the Cuban missile crisis of 1962, we have never come so close to the threat of nuclear war as we have… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: Most pressing threat to international peace and security today is the accelerated nuclear weapons developme… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: We must be mindful of widening inequalities within societies, and the gap between the rich and the poor nat… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: In all these crises, the primary victims are the people, the most vulnerable being women and children #Nige… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: We fully endorse call by Sec-Gen on Myanmar to halt ongoing ethnic cleansing &amp; ensure safe return of displa… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: The Myanmar crisis is very reminiscent of what happened in Bosnia in 1995 and in Rwanda in 1994 #NigeriaUNG… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: For example, several UNSC Resolutions from 1967 on the Middle East crisis remain unimplemented. #NigeriaUNG… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: New conflicts should not make us lose focus of unresolved old ones. #NigeriaUNGA17 RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: UN has responsibility to cooperate strongly with regional orgs such as African Union,in conflict prevention… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: We must collectively devise strategies to stop fleeing ISIS fighters from mutating and infiltrating into Sa… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: We shall also cooperate in addressing growing transnational crimes: forced labour,slavery, human traffickin… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: Individual national efforts are helping strengthen State institutions, promote accountability, and combat c… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB highlights success of ECOWAS in upholding democratic principles in The Gambia, and Cote D’Ivoire before then… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB: Frontiers of good governance, democracy, rule of law are expanding everywhere, especially in Africa. #Niger… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB highlights 🇳🇬 efforts in providing relief + humanitarian assistance to millions afflicted by terrorism, drou… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB thanks @UN Security Council for humanitarian assistance and pledges in the Lake Chad Basin #NigeriaUNGA17 RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB thanks Int'l community for assistance in Sahel and Lake Chad regions to contain threats posed by Al Qaeda an… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari PMB highlights role of Germany under "commendable leadership" of Chancellor Merkel, + Govts of Italy, Greece,Tur… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari Pres @MBuhari commends @UN’s role in settling thousands of innocent civilians caught in conflicts in Syria,Iraq… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari Pres @MBuhari thanks former Sec-Gen Mr. Ban ki Moon for his service to the United Nations and wishes him peacefu… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari President Buhari congratulates Mr Gutteres on his first General Assembly outing as @UN Secretary-General. #Niger… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari has now taken the stage to deliver his Statement at the General Debate #UNGA #NGAinUNGA #NigeriaUNGA17 RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari arriving this morning to participate in the Opening Ceremony &amp; General Debate at #UNGA72 #UNGA #NGAinU… RT @NGRPresident: Stay tuned for live updates from President @MBuhari's Statement at the General Debate of the @UN General Assembly #UNGA #… RT @NGRPresident: Today President @MBuhari will deliver Nigeria's Statement at the General Debate of the 72nd Session of #UNGA 
#NGAinUNGA… RT @NGRPresident: There's a fake Speech circulating online as the text of President @MBuhari's #UNGA Address, to be delivered Tuesday. Plea… RT @NGRPresident: Pres @MBuhari receives a briefing ahead of tomorrow's General Debate at the 72nd Session of the @UN General Assembly in N… RT @NGRPresident: VIDEO: On Tue Sept 12, 2017, President @MBuhari commissioned @Olam's $100m Animal Feed Mill, Poultry Breeding Farms, &amp; Ha… Nigeria is witnessing a revolution in Agriculture. Agriculture will create jobs for our young people, attract investment, &amp; grow our economy https://t.co/bfzvzi8Q5h The old, import-dependent Nigeria is disappearing and a new Nigeria is rising in which we grow what we eat and consume what we make. We will not relent in our efforts towards achieving agricultural self sufficiency. We will continue to welcome and support more investment. Our vision is for a Nigeria in which we grow what we eat. It is possible, &amp; we are on course to achieve it,with the private sector's support https://t.co/sWvKZhD5MI I commend the partnership between the Kaduna State Government and Olam, which has resulted in the factory complex I commissioned today. https://t.co/lBerfbFk7w Olam's investment in Poultry &amp; Animal Feed Mills in Kaduna &amp; Kwara is a strong vote of confidence in our economic diversification vision. https://t.co/4t5UDdXmLz Today Vice President @ProfOsinbajo and I welcomed the National Council of Traditional Rulers of Nigeria to the State House. https://t.co/mJk1MugFOV May the Almighty God grant peace to the souls of the victims and comfort to the grieving families and community. Our law enforcement agencies are already working to apprehend the perpetrators of the Plateau killings and whoever their sponsors may be. We have a mandate and the determination to protect the lives and property of all citizens of Nigeria, wherever they reside. Plateau's communities have achieved a lot in terms of mediation and peacebuilding. We will not allow a return to the dark days of anarchy. It is unlawful and unacceptable for  anyone or group to take the law into their hands in the name of revenge or reprisals. I am saddened by the senseless killings that have taken place in Ancha village in Bassa Local Government, Plateau State. RT @NGRPresident: VIDEO: VP @ProfOsinbajo, on behalf of PMB, visits a Camp for persons displaced by flooding, in Makurdi, Benue State, Wed… RT @NGRPresident: VP @ProfOsinbajo in Makurdi, Benue State, today, bringing goodwill and assurances of support to flood victims, on behalf… RT @NGRPresident: VP @ProfOsinbajo is in Benue State, on behalf of Pres @MBuhari. He will be visiting victims of the flood disaster &amp; asses… Let me again assure of the full support of the Fed Govt,to the Govt &amp; people of Benue State. Our agencies are on the ground,providing relief https://t.co/RQJceSRPJ3 The real change for Nigerians is an impact that is felt in their lives and their pockets. We are on the right path, and our work continues. https://t.co/UTgTks4QcK I'm glad we're starting to see the fruit of our work.But there's still a lot to be done;we will not rest until all Nigerians feel the impact https://t.co/t8OvDH479z Until coming out of recession translates into meaningful improvement in people's lives, our work cannot be said to be done. I am pleased by the news of our emergence from the recession, and looking forward to ensuring that the ordinary Nigerian feels the impact. RT @NGRPresident: Pres @MBuhari, in his New Year's Day 2017 Speech. Today @nigerianstat released data showing #Nigeria is now officially ou… RT @NGRPresident: Pres @MBuhari, in his New Year's Day 2017 Speech. Today @nigerianstat released data showing #Nigeria is now officially ou… RT @NGRPresident: Pres @MBuhari, in his New Year's Day 2017 Speech. Today @nigerianstat released data showing #Nigeria is now officially ou… RT @NGRPresident: Pres @MBuhari, in his New Year's Day 2017 Speech. Today @nigerianstat released data showing #Nigeria is now officially ou… Let's celebrate our Super Eagles, holding Cameroon to a draw in Yaoundé. The march to #Russia2018 continues, and they have all our support! https://t.co/HBaOdHRZ3z Let me also commend the Akwa Ibom State Government for its continued support, and for the provision of excellent hosting facilities. Football, like the NYSC, is a powerful unifying platform for us as a nation. Today's victory is for all Nigerians, at home &amp; in the Diaspora Congratulations, Super Eagles, on the impressive win. We are looking forward to you sustaining the momentum in the return leg. I join millions of football-loving Nigerians in applauding our Super Eagles for their skilful and entertaining display against Cameroon. #EidAlAdha https://t.co/8BuILbHlKk Our rich diversity as a nation is and will always be one of our greatest strengths. It must never be used as a tool of hatred and division. On a personal note, I recall that serving as an Army Officer in Lagos and Ibadan offered me very rich and fulfilling experiences. I remain convinced that the NYSC offers a great opportunity to learn a lot about the diversity that has made Nigeria a unique country. I am always pleased to see Corps members in Daura and other parts of Nigeria. From the postings, we get to learn more about other cultures. https://t.co/9KTuaTUe6e One of the highlights of my Eid-el-Kabir celebrations in Daura is the visit from NYSC members, after the prayers. https://t.co/6Bf8vuctGt I wish everyone happy Sallah celebrations. And may God bless the Federal Republic of Nigeria. Once again let me assure that this administration will not rest on its oars until we see the Nigeria of our dream. This Eid-El-Kabir celebration is an opportunity for us all to rededicate ourselves to the exemplary virtues  shown by Prophet Ibrahim. We must learn to see ourselves as brothers and sisters from the same heritage. And on our part as a Government, we will not let you down. On this occasion, I appeal to all to keep our prejudices aside and strengthen the bonds of friendship &amp; unity, to keep Nigeria together. Your prayers and support have energised me to re-dedicate myself and this administration to the task of building a great Nigeria. Let me again thank all Nigerians who prayed for my recovery and have continued to extend their goodwill and support since my return. I also congratulate our Muslim brothers and sisters who are currently in Saudi Arabia to participate in the rites of the Hajj. I felicitate with all Nigerians, particularly the Muslim faithful, on the celebration of this year’s Eid-El-Kabir. We will surmount this disaster, and, working with the State Govt, bring succour and relief to all affected persons and communities. My sympathies go to the Benue Govt &amp; people.I assure that the FG will make available ALL assistance needed by the BSG &amp; affected communities I will be monitoring and getting updates on the rollout of the Federal Government's humanitarian response to the Benue flooding disaster. I have directed @nemanigeria to immediately mobilize personnel and resources to the aid of the affected communities and persons. I have received with great concern reports of the flooding in Benue State, displacing, from early estimates, more than 100,000 people. The entire nation appreciates and celebrates your victory — the first in 12 years — and qualification for the 2018 World Cup in Spain. https://t.co/oZaMl5MmTQ I was pleased to receive our female National Basketball Team, D'Tigress, at the State House today. They have done so much to make us proud. https://t.co/62STjMSsnc I took the opportunity to remind the Ministers and Gov that our duty as Govt is to make a positive difference in the lives of all our people Reviving and growing the economy was one of the main issues on which the APC campaigned; we will not rest until we have fulfilled this. But we're also fully committed to taking advantage of the opportunities offered by these challenging economic times. We inherited the most challenging economic situation in our history, affecting virtually every household, and every business. I'm pleased with the progress we're making. Our Economic Recovery and Growth Plan is on course, as is the implementation of the 2017 Budget. Today I received a briefing on the Economy from the Ministers of Budget, Finance, and the Governor of the Central Bank https://t.co/SggLQaOWCP Congratulations to D’Tigress on the 2017 FIBA Women’s AfroBasket tournament win, &amp; qualifying for the 2018 FIBA Women's Basketball World Cup RT @NGRPresident: From his remarks at the meeting with PDP and APC National Leaders this morning at the State House. https://t.co/8RrsVBt0Oh RT @NGRPresident: Democracy cannot survive or thrive without vibrant opposition. https://t.co/pJK3Ql0DYC Indeed. I'm grateful for the way Vice President @ProfOsinbajo deployed his energy and intellect to take charge while I was away. https://t.co/ZnPtaEWcH6 I'm full of gratitude to the leaders of the PDP and APC for finding time from their busy schedules to visit me and welcome me back home. https://t.co/7MPJuKEf5b RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari meeting with PDP and APC Leaders at the State House this morning. PDP Chairman Sen Ahmed Makarfi arriv… Today's Meeting with PDP &amp; APC was not a political gathering, but a symbol of our unity and an expression of the maturity of our democracy. https://t.co/1h4EQcju58 RT @NGRPresident: HIGHLIGHTS VIDEO: President @MBuhari today signed 9 International Agreements covering Anti-Corruption, Security and Econo… RT @NGRPresident: The 9 Agreements whose Instruments of Ratification were signed today by President @MBuhari. https://t.co/F8XjQRfTkh I have directed all relevant Government agencies and bodies to commence immediate implementation of these Agreements. Today's ratification of Agreements is an important step, in line with the delivery of our Anti-Corruption &amp; Economic Diversification Vision https://t.co/EORVGTGasf I've just signed Instruments of Ratification for a number of agreements covering AntiCorruption,Tax Admin &amp; Intellectual Property Protection https://t.co/kKQsXXQBQu RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari "We're going to reinforce the fight against Boko Haram, kidnappings, farmers/herdsmen clashes and ethnic violenc… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari "The beauty and attraction of a Federation is that it allows different groups to air their grievances and work o… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari "Nigeria's unity is settled &amp; not negotiable. We shall not allow irresponsible elements to start trouble &amp; then… RT @NGRPresident: "Every Nigerian has the right to live and pursue his business anywhere in #Nigeria without any hindrance." ~ President @M… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari receives briefing from Vice President @ProfOsinbajo at the State House, this afternoon. https://t.co/c… In 2003, the late Chief Emeka Ojukwu visited me in Daura. Over 2 days we discussed Nigeria's problems extensively, &amp; came to one conclusion. https://t.co/RJJjzwgKwL I'm pleased to be back home. I'm grateful to God and to all Nigerians for your prayers. https://t.co/oGXcN6uDsb 26/ Thank you and may God bless our dear Nation. 25/ I remain resolutely committed to ensuring that these goals are achieved and maintained. I am so glad to be home. 24/ economic security, political evolution and integration, as well as lasting peace among all Nigerians. 23/ Finally, dear Nigerians, our collective interest now is to eschew petty differences and come together to face common challenges of 22/ in addition to ethnic violence fuelled by political mischief makers. We shall tackle them all. 21/ kidnappings; farmers versus herdsmen clashes; 20/ elements of Boko Haram which are attempting a new series of attacks on soft targets; 19/ Therefore we are going to reinforce and reinvigorate the fight not only against; 18/ Terrorists and criminals must be fought and destroyed relentlessly so that the majority of us can live in peace and safety. 17/ Furthermore, I am charging the Security Agencies not to let the successes achieved in the last 18 months be a sign to relax. 16/ The national consensus is that, it is better to live together than to live apart. 15/ The National Assembly and the National Council of State are the legitimate and appropriate bodies for national discourse. 14/ ...that it allows different groups to air their grievances and work out a mode of co-existence. 13/ This is not to deny that there are legitimate concerns. Every group has a grievance. But the beauty and attraction of a federation is... 12/ I believe the very vast majority of Nigerians share this view. 11/ Every Nigerian has the right to live and pursue his business anywhere in Nigeria without let or hindrance. 10/ ...they run away and saddle others with the responsibility of bringing back order, if necessary with their blood. 9/ Nigeria's unity is settled and not negotiable. We shall not allow irresponsible elements to start trouble, and when things get bad... 8/ ...conclusion that the country must remain one and united. 7/ Over two days we discussed in great depth till late into the night and analyzed the problems of Nigeria. We both came to the... 6/ In 2003 after I joined partisan politics, the late Chief Emeka Ojukwu came and stayed as my guest in my hometown Daura. 5/ ...national red lines by daring to question our collective existence as a nation. This is a step too far. 4/ ...in discussing their affairs, but I was distressed to notice that some of the comments, especially on social media, have crossed our... 3/ In the course of my stay in the United Kingdom, I have been kept in daily touch with events at home. Nigerians are robust and lively..... 2/ I am very grateful to God and to all Nigerians for their prayers. I am pleased to be back on home soil among my brothers and sisters. 1/ My dear citizens, RT @NGRPresident: Tomorrow morning at 7am, President @MBuhari's broadcast to the nation, on @NTANewsNow, and on Facebook and Twitter. Stay… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari The President thanks all Nigerians who have prayed ceaselessly for his recovery and well-being since the beginni… RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari President @MBuhari will address the nation in a broadcast at 7 a.m on Monday, August 21, 2017. RT @NGRPresident: @MBuhari The President left Nigeria on May 7, after handing over power to Vice Pres @ProfOsinbajo, who has functioned as… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari returns to #Nigeria today, after receiving medical attention in London. I thank Pastor Adeboye for visiting today, and for his prayers and good wishes. May God continue to bless him and his work. https://t.co/eds2rT1gG5 RT @ProfOsinbajo: Slowly but surely, Nigeria will prevail. https://t.co/jBxVv2J1iJ As I noted earlier,I have absolute confidence that Govt will continue to run smoothly while I'm away. God  bless the Fed Republic of Nigeria https://t.co/zORIF5KFGN I received Vice President @ProfOsinbajo, SP @bukolasaraki, Speaker @YakubDogara at home this evening, ahead of my Trip tonight. https://t.co/2YXTuAdlgD My remarks this evening, when I received 82 of our daughters who have just regained their freedom from Boko Haram—https://t.co/1EJpqajzXW https://t.co/GvATCpJrZj RT @NGRPresident: STATE HOUSE PRESS RELEASE: President @MBuhari proceeds to London tonight for follow-up medical consultation with his doct… I'd like to assure all Nigerians that there is no cause for worry. I appreciate your prayers &amp; kind wishes.May God continue to bless Nigeria Vice President @ProfOsinbajo will take charge in my absence. Government will continue to function smoothly and efficiently. I have sent the required letters regarding my trip to @NGRSenate and @HouseNGR, in line with Section 145(1) of the 1999 Constitution. Tonight I leave for London, to see my doctors. When I came back in March, I hinted that there might be a need to return soon,for a follow-up https://t.co/mfmVYSLfO4 We've always made it clear that we will do everything in our power to ensure the freedom &amp; safe return of our daughters,&amp; of all BH captives This evening I received 82 of our daughters, who have just regained their freedom after three years in Boko Haram captivity. https://t.co/fy6pEXAOZx RT @NGRPresident: STATE HOUSE PRESS STATEMENT: 82 more #ChibokGirls released. https://t.co/7zFl3DZc4a https://t.co/1L2gzj0UQv RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari The President has received detailed briefings from the DG of the Dept of State Services (DSS) at every stage of… RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari The President has repeatedly expressed his total commitment towards ensuring the safe return of the #ChibokGirl… RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari Security agencies, the military, the Government of Switzerland, the International Committee of the Red Cross, &amp;… RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari President @MBuhari expresses his deep gratitude to all who played a part in ensuring the success of this operat… RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari The released #ChibokGirls are due to arrive in Abuja tomorrow Sunday May 7, and will be received by the Preside… RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari After lengthy negotiations,our security agencies have taken back these girls,in exchange for some BokoHaram sus… RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari Today, 82 more #ChibokGirls were released. RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari is pleased to announce that negotiations to release more of the #ChibokGirls have yielded results. RT @NGRPresident: VP @ProfOsinbajo: "My role and my commitment as Vice President is to support President @MBuhari in every way, to ensure t… .@nanonlineng May the soul of Chief Nzekwu rest in perfect peace. And may God Almighty grant his family the fortitude to bear his demise. .@nanonlineng Since its publication, 'Eze Goes To School' has been an important part of the lives of countless schoolchildren across Nigeria and beyond. I commiserate with the family of Chief Onuora Nzekwu, pioneer GM of @nanonlineng, and author of 'Eze Goes To School' and many other books. The prompt response of the Cross River State Govt is commendable. May God grant the souls of the dead eternal rest &amp; comfort their families. https://t.co/wcNkmwuilc VP @ProfOsinbajo will take charge of the investigations in both cases—PINE and NIA. His Committee will report back to me within 14 days. https://t.co/ktpOcGgDWP RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari has directed the suspension of the Secretary to the Govt of the Federation, &amp; the DG of the National I… Special thanks to @flyethiopian for cooperating with us during this period, and for demonstrating intra-African cooperation in a real way. The Ministries of Transport and @FMPWHng, security agencies, @contactkdsg, Julius Berger and other stakeholders worked hard to deliver this. I expect that this model of inter-agency cooperation and efficiency has come to stay, and will be consistently replicated across the Govt. My gratitude goes to all who worked to ensure the successful completion of the runway work, &amp; reopening of Abuja Airport, ahead of schedule. Once again, I wish you all happy Easter celebrations. We will restore peace and stability across Nigeria, as the foundation for economic recovery, growth, and true prosperity. We will sustain the peace in the Niger Delta through engagements with stakeholders. We will fully implement our New Vision for the region. We will continue with the fight against terrorism and insurgency; we're determined as never before. We've worked hard &amp; will continue to work hard to improve security nationwide, sustain the fight against corruption &amp; revitalize the economy I enjoin all Nigerians to keep faith in the determination &amp; ability of this administration to change the Nigerian story for the good of all. As a people we must rediscover the values of peaceful co-existence, social justice, religious tolerance, dignity of labour, and patriotism. It is in our collective interest to live in peace, because without peace, no meaningful and sustainable development can take place. As we celebrate, I urge all Nigerians to live peacefully with one another, and do their utmost to make Nigeria a beautiful place to live in The message of Easter is filled with themes of love, faith, sacrifice, hope, victory; as espoused in the teachings and life of Jesus Christ Easter signifies the triumph of good over evil, light over darkness, redemption over condemnation, and hope over despair. I congratulate our Christian brothers and sisters on the celebration of this year’s Easter. We will never ever give up, whether on rescuing all captives, or on completely vanquishing Boko Haram. That remains our promise to you. My special appreciation goes to the parents &amp; families, who have endured 3 years of agony. I feel your pain. Your children are my children. Regarding our Chibok girls, we must not lose hope. I trust God that soon, our collective efforts will be rewarded with their safe return. Let me use this opportunity to remind all that last December our troops overran Boko Haram's Headquarters in the Sambisa Forest. For this we have our gallant Intelligence &amp; Security forces to thank. We're also grateful to all International partners who've supported us. Today, BokoHaram has been degraded &amp; is no longer in a position to mount serious attacks,other than sporadic suicide attacks on soft targets At that time Boko Haram not only occupied the Northeast, but also unleashed fear and mayhem well beyond the region. It is easy to forget where Nigeria was when this administration began 2 years ago,and Boko Haram held no fewer than 14 LGAs in the Northeast It was to ensure the freedom of all BokoHaram captives &amp; recovery of lost territory that we gave the fight against terror our full attention We've reached out to the captors &amp; are negotiating to ensure the girls' safe release. We're willing to bend over backwards to achieve this. Let me also reiterate our absolute commitment to the freedom and safe return of the remaining Chibok girls, and all other abducted persons. I'm eternally grateful to God for the return of 24 of the girls, as well as of thousands of other Nigerians forcibly abducted by Boko Haram. Today commemorates an incident that we will never forget: the abduction, three years ago, of schoolgirls from Govt Secondary School, Chibok The Governors of Kaduna and Ogun States joined me for Juma'at Prayers at the State House this afternoon. https://t.co/EN0mjnDWcE .@cenbank @NGRSenate The nominees are as follows: 
4. Dr. Abdu Abubakar (NW)
5. Adeola Adetunji (SW) .@cenbank @NGRSenate The nominees are as follows: 
1. Prof Ummu Ahmed Jalingo (NE)
2. Prof Justitia Odinakachukwu Nnabuko (SE)
3. Professor Mike I. Obadan (SS) In line w/ @cenbank Act 2007, I have forwarded a list of nominees to @NGRSenate for confirmation as Non-Executive Directors of the CBN Board RT @NGRPresident: VP: Just as we've taken the world by storm in music,entertainment,film, we'll soon take over digital space w/ our ideas,c… RT @NGRPresident: VP: Nigerians are some of the smartest people anywhere on the face of the earth. Everywhere we go we excel very quickly;… RT @NGRPresident: VP @ProfOsinbajo: We're investing in tech hubs across Nigeria. We're also training &gt;25,000 in digital skills: animation,… RT @ProfOsinbajo: I was at the Abuja Airport to inspect the ongoing reconstruction of the runway. The airport will resume operations as sch… RT @NGRPresident: Earlier this week: Just before start of FEC Meeting Pres @MBuhari goes through his notes, while VP @ProfOsinbajo chats wi… Comrade visited this afternoon, and presented two photo albums of my Visit to Edo State, last year. https://t.co/oAsl1mybSF .@bukolasaraki @YakubDogara @ProfOsinbajo Let me express special gratitude to the Economic Management Team (EMT), led by VP @ProfOsinbajo, for overseeing the drafting of the #NERGP. .@bukolasaraki @YakubDogara @ProfOsinbajo To ensure the success of the #NERGP, I've approved the creation of a dedicated Delivery Unit in the Presidency, to drive implementation. .@bukolasaraki @YakubDogara @ProfOsinbajo We're approaching our economic challenges with the same will &amp; commitment we're demonstrating in security and the fight against corruption. .@bukolasaraki @YakubDogara @ProfOsinbajo Our promise is to change Nigeria for good; build a country that grows what it eats &amp; produces what it consumes. The #NERGP is our Roadmap. Senate President @bukolasaraki, Speaker @YakubDogara &amp; APC Chair Chief Odigie-Oyegun joined VP @ProfOsinbajo &amp; I to launch the #NERGP, today https://t.co/MDSDTpjZpV General Gowon visited today. He wanted to personally express gratitude for my telephone call to him from the U.K., when his sister died. https://t.co/z8KTrvoMEx The ERGP is our medium-term plan to not only restore Nigeria's economy to growth, but also build it to become globally competitive. I'm pleased to announce that I will formally launch our Economic Recovery and Growth Plan (ERGP) (2017-2020) tomorrow, Wednesday April 5. 2016 farming season harvests were impressive. With ongoing efforts like our Fertilizer Initiative, and others, we expect an even better 2017 The deployments are with immediate effect. I wish the new Ambassadors/Representatives the very best in their assignments. 4. Bankole A. Adeoye (Ogun State)—Ambassador/Representative to the Embassy of #Nigeria/Permanent Mission to @_AfricanUnion in Addis Ababa 3. Kadiri Ayinla Audu (Kwara State)—Ambassador/Representative to the Permanent Mission of #Nigeria to the @UN Offices in Geneva 2. Itegboje Sunday Samson (Edo State)—Ambassador/Deputy  Representative, Permanent Mission of #Nigeria to @UN HQ in New York 1. Professor Tijjani Bande (Kebbi State)—Ambassador/Representative to the Permanent Mission of #Nigeria to @UN HQ in New York I have approved the immediate deployment of four of the newly-appointed Ambassadors-Designate, as follows: Today I received the outgoing Ambassador of Saudi Arabia to Nigeria. Nigeria appreciates the mutually beneficial relationship. https://t.co/VqIc7zVvWZ RT @NGRPresident: Vice President @ProfOsinbajo speaking this morning at the #OECDIntegrity Forum. Read his Speech here: https://t.co/vTI3z6… RT @NGRPresident: VP Osinbajo speaking this morning at the #OECDIntegrity Forum in Paris, on the topic: United Action is the Key 🔑 #anticor… We will not relent in our efforts. I have just approved the establishment of a @NigerianNavy Base in the Lake Chad Region. Yet another testament to the gallantry of our troops, who in December 2016 captured Boko Haram's Sambisa Forest HQ. We're proud of you! https://t.co/f8ZbVCtMWs Also, my best wishes to the ongoing @batcolloquium in Lagos. I recall with fond memories my presence at last year's edition in Abuja. https://t.co/CVzxVJZBE4 May God grant the Jagaban good health and long life, and more wisdom to serve Nigeria and humanity. Nigeria has benefited immensely from Asiwaju Tinubu's intellect, personal sacrifices,political experience, &amp; his gift for building consensus Happy 65th Birthday to Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. I join his family, friends, associates and our Party to celebrate this great leader. https://t.co/5SFLQXRZjw RT @AsoRock: ASO VILLA NEWSLETTER, 27 March 2017: Action Days!; Abuja Rail; How To Be A Whistleblower; RIP Fertiliser Subsidy. https://t.co… RT @AsoRock: READ: Our comprehensive Explainer for the Presidential Fertilizer Initiative (PFI). All you need to know - https://t.co/lzQQL6… RT @ProfOsinbajo: Midway Progress Update on the Sixty-Day National Action Plan. https://t.co/VxN2EFalYK RT @ProfOsinbajo: Today in Abia as emissary of our President to interact with oil-producing communities in the State &amp; discuss the New Visi… RT @AsoRock: VIDEO: The Presidential Fertilizer Initiative (PFI). The 11 Blending plants will produce 1m MT of NPK Fertiliser for 2017 wet… RT @AsoRock: Today is Day 30 of our 60-Day National Action Plan on Ease of Doing Business. Follow @EBESnigeria for Updates/Progress Report… An attack anywhere in the world is an attack on us all. The whole world must join hands to defeat terrorists and conquer their evil. My sympathies to PM @theresa_may and the Government and people of the UK. Nigeria stands with you at this sad and trying moment. RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari this afternoon received a briefing from the Chief of @HQNigerianArmy Staff, Lt. Gen. Tukur Buratai htt… Let me remind you of what I promised, in my New Year's Day (2017) Message to the nation. We remain committed to fulfilling it. https://t.co/jwwk0MlhUP I commiserate with the Govt &amp; people of Benue State. I assure that the incident will be investigated, &amp; the perpetrators brought to justice. I am saddened by the recent attack by gunmen on a market in Zaki Biam, Benue State, and which resulted in the loss of lives. RT @AsoRock: We just published, on @Medium: “Everything You Need to Know About the Presidential Fertiliser Initiative (PFI)” https://t.co/4… RT @ProfOsinbajo: Some highlights from the Economic Council meeting yesterday. https://t.co/uBlVBcmNw3 At NEC I also apologized to the Govs for barring visits while I was away—I didn’t want Govt to move to London;I wanted it to remain in Abuja As I've said before,pursuing the interest of the Nigerian people is the only way to show my gratitude for the love &amp; support I've been shown It is most important that workers are able to feed their families, and pay rent and school fees. Extremely important. My promise to Nigerians is that I will not rest until I address all the issues that affect you. One of these basic things is salaries. I have directed the Finance Minister and CBN Governor to speedily release the 2nd tranche of the London-Paris Club refunds to the States. I took the opportunity of the National Economic Council (NEC) Meeting today to meet with State Governors. https://t.co/R3k5JN7DnO RT @AsoRock: JOBS. Each of the 11 Blending Plants being supported by the PFI employs between 600 and 1,200 people, working across 3 shifts… RT @AsoRock: VIDEO: This Kaduna blending plant used to employ 250 workers. Now, following our Presidential Fertilizer Initiative, it has al… RT @AsoRock: Photos from F &amp; C Limited in Kaduna. One of the blending plants accredited for the Presidential Fertilizer Initiative (PFI) #G… RT @AsoRock: Newly-employed worker at F &amp; C Fertilizer Blending Plant in Kaduna: "Before now I didn't have a job, I didn't know how I'd fee… Today I signed the Instrument ratifying the Treaty on the Establishment of the Abidjan-Lagos Corridor among Benin,CIV, Ghana, Togo &amp; Nigeria https://t.co/1uLo2lw5YC RT @NGRPresident: VP: "I think one thing that we must recognize is the way this administration works—it has always been team work." https:/… As I settle down to work, first things first—I received a briefing from Vice President @ProfOsinbajo. https://t.co/JpT5H1Grvl I resumed work today. I've formally transmitted letters to @NGRSenate &amp; @HouseNGR, in compliance with S145 of the amended 1999 Constitution https://t.co/SdIq35uN5V Let me join the literary world in congratulating the renowned academic, poet,columnist &amp; dramatist, Prof Niyi Osundare, on his 70th birthday RT @MBuhari: My message to you: I'm glad to be back home, &amp; grateful for your prayers. The best way to repay you is to rededicate myself to… My message to you: I'm glad to be back home, &amp; grateful for your prayers. The best way to repay you is to rededicate myself to serving you. https://t.co/vy03y6Nap1 Very pleased to welcome the Most Revd and Rt Hon @JustinWelby, Archbishop of Canterbury, to Abuja House this afternoon. https://t.co/jsRxeafVxM 60 hearty cheers for @ProfOsinbajo, running mate turned partner in service to Nigeria; and friend. Happy Birthday, Professor! https://t.co/uo7MoELivj In my phone conversation with him I told him working with him was a school in itself; the lessons I learnt are worth their weight in gold. https://t.co/6kLVVDQEjQ Those of us who served under him in the military recall a man with boundless energy,a razor-sharp mind; one who does not suffer fools gladly Happy 80th birthday to Chief Olusegun Obasanjo. My boss; and true citizen of the world. RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari thanks Nigerians for prayers; says no cause for worry—https://t.co/5tPocPGDy5 I thanked them for visiting. I'm also grateful to Nigerians, Christians and Muslims alike, for their prayers and kind wishes for my health. https://t.co/pniHAr3cZo Pleased to receive Senate President @bukolasaraki, Speaker @YakubDogara and Senate Leader Ahmed Lawan, tonight. https://t.co/O326aJGZNr RT @ProfOsinbajo: You deserve a decent life and and we are working night and day to make life easier. RT @ProfOsinbajo: To those who are on the streets protesting the economic situation &amp; those who are not, but feel the pain of economic hard… RT @ProfOsinbajo: To those who are protesting, WE HEAR YOU loud and clear. RT @ProfOsinbajo: I also had the privilege to stop by LEA Primary School to speak with the pupils. It was certainly one of the highlights o… RT @ProfOsinbajo: It will address the immediate power needs in the rural areas. It can power 4 light bulbs,1 radio, 1 torchlight &amp; has USB… RT @ProfOsinbajo: It is an initiative that supports the deployment of 20,000 Small Scale household Solar systems to rural communities in Ni… RT @ProfOsinbajo: Today, I launched the Presidential Initiative for Solar Homes in Wuna Village, Gwagwalada. https://t.co/uRuinWin8J I spoke with Sports Minister, Barrister Dalung, to commiserate with him on the death of his wife, Briskila. May her soul Rest In Peace. RT @ProfOsinbajo: ...for which GE would be investing $2 Billion for the refurbishment of the single-gauge lines and the building/assembling… RT @ProfOsinbajo: One of the things we discussed was the proposed concessioning deal of the East-West lines of the Nigeria Railways to Gene… RT @ProfOsinbajo: Today, I met with a delegation from General Electric led by their CEO, Jeff Immelt. https://t.co/FlOKvDRjJR RT @ProfOsinbajo: Spoke tonight on phone with President @MBuhari who's on vacation, reviewing local and other developments including Gambia… Wherever I am, I keep up with news from home. Channels TV is one of my favorites. I'm proud of what the Nigerian media are achieving. https://t.co/LciLrzyaxT And work continues on our Econ Recovery &amp; Growth Plan. Also, VP @ProfOsinbajo will be chairing the 2nd Presidential Business Forum,next week Before leaving I met with the Security Chiefs. We will continue to work to fulfill our promise to confront all security challenges head-on. https://t.co/xQGf7jENbY I'm traveling to the UK today on a short leave; part of my annual vacation. Back at work Feb 6. VP @ProfOsinbajo will act as President. RT @DigiCommsNG: SUMMARY of Comments from Chief of Staff and Theatre Commander #OpLafiyaDole, during Condolence Visit to Humanitarian Agenc… RT @DigiCommsNG: Presidential Delegation, led by Chief of Staff Abba Kyari, visit survivors of the #RannTragedy, at the State Specialist Ho… RT @DigiCommsNG: Next Stop: State Specialist Hospital, where #RannTragedy victims have been airlifted.Doctors say most of survivors now out… RT @DigiCommsNG: SUMMARY of Response to President @MBuhari's Condolence Message, by Emir of Dikwa (in whose Emirate Rann belongs). #RannTra… RT @DigiCommsNG: UPDATE on #Rann Tragedy: Airlifting of wounded to Maiduguri for medical treatment commenced yesterday. Dep Gov Borno overs… RT @DigiCommsNG: Next Stop: Condolence Visit to Humanitarian Agencies. @MSF and @ICRC Staff were among the victims #RannTragedy https://t.c… RT @DigiCommsNG: SUMMARY of @GovBorno Response to Condolence Message by Chief of Staff to President @MBuhari, Abba Kyari, on Rann Incident… RT @DigiCommsNG: Next Stop for the Presidential Delegation is the Palace of the Shehu of Dikwa, Alhaji Abba Tor Shehu Masta II #RannTragedy… RT @DigiCommsNG: SUMMARY of Comments by Chief of Staff to President @MBuhari, Abba Kyari, during condolence visit to @GovBorno. #RannTraged… RT @DigiCommsNG: Next Stop is the Government House, Maiduguri, to formally convey condolences to @GovBorno on behalf of people of Borno Sta… RT @DigiCommsNG: Landed in Maiduguri. Theatre Commander of #OpLafiyaDole, Maj Gen Leo Irabor briefing the Presidential Delegation. https://… The Federal Government will fully support the Borno State Government in dealing with the situation and attending to the victims. I sympathize with the families of the dead, and with the injured, and the Government and people of Borno State. I received with regret news that the Air Force,working to mop up BH insurgents, accidentally bombed a civilian community in Rann,Borno State I congratulate Chief Adebisi Akande, elder statesman &amp; founding Interim Chairman of our All Progressives Congress,on his 78th birthday today https://t.co/n3iEiVJ5SO Let us all continue to be vigilant in our communities,even as our security agencies combat the remnants of the insurgents and their sponsors Once again, my condolences to the families of the victims. And I wish the injured speedy &amp; full recovery. Nigeria will triumph over terror! Boko Haram is a godless group; with no true understanding of Islam. Their actions are cowardly, and punishable before God and by our laws. My heartfelt condolences go to the University Community, the families of the victims, and the Govt and people of Borno State. I received the sad news of the terrorist attack on the University of Maiduguri this morning. The labour of our heroes past – and present – shall never be in vain. #ArmedForcesDay2017 https://t.co/76caT3VaLB RT @aishambuhari: To our gallant troops who have fought and are still fighting to restore peace, I say thank you. 3/3 https://t.co/b0T9YQTQ… RT @aishambuhari: Their sacrifices &amp; labor of love will not be in vain. I am assured that a time will come when there will be zero terroris… RT @aishambuhari: As we remember our fallen heroes today, I pray for those they left behind. Our heroes will never be forgotten. 1/3 https:… High point of my day: speaking with troops in Sambisa Forest via video-call. Also spoke w/ the Air Component in Yola, &amp; soldiers in Liberia https://t.co/d73USiopLW RT @NGRPresident: VP @ProfOsinbajo Commences Series of Interactive Engagements w/ Oil-Producing Communities—https://t.co/S6kPih3E4s #NigerD… RT @ProfOsinbajo: 3. President Buhari is fully committed to finding lasting&amp;negotiated solutions to secure the peace and prosperity of the… RT @ProfOsinbajo: 2. The interactions will start in Delta State and then we proceed to Bayelsa &amp; Rivers States at a later date to be announ… As I promised in my New Year's Day Speech, we will continue to pursue peace in the Niger delta. We seek the cooperation of all stakeholders https://t.co/qzbTC6xwtm Adebanwi is the 1st Black African Scholar appointed to that Chair since its creation. A source of pride &amp; inspiration to all of Black Africa Congratulations to Nigerian Scholar and Author, Wale Adebanwi, on his appointment as Rhodes Professor of Race Relations at @UniofOxford With Presidents @Macky_Sall and @NAkufoAddo and Prime Minister @USEmbalo at the 27th Africa-France Summit in Bamako, Mali, today. https://t.co/NpLt5kDgZ0 In Banjul, The Gambia, on the ECOWAS Mediation Mission. We met with President Yahya Jammeh and Vice President Isatou Njie-Saidy https://t.co/MQLZ559M8L I asked SP @bukolasaraki to kindly represent me at the Armed Forces Remembrance Day Jummat Prayers, this afternoon at the National Mosque I have approved the reconstitution, with immediate effect, of Exec Mgt teams for the River Basin Devpt Authorities—https://t.co/lzsLtf5AJL I'm proud of what our academics are accomplishing at home and abroad, and we will continue doing all we can to recognize and support them. Today at the State House I received Professors Tanure Ojaide and Omowunmi Sadik, winners of the 2016 Nigerian National Merit Award (NNMA). https://t.co/Kf8RG1qMDa RT @NGRPresident: Prof Etim Moses Essien, Chair, Governing Board of Nigerian National Merit Award (NNMA), speaks on the meeting with Presid… Projects due for implementation as part of our agreements with China include our priority standard-gauge rail, &amp; Agric Demonstration Centres https://t.co/KdIfijgQcX I assured Minister Wang Yi that we will keep our side of the bargain in all the agreements we have signed with China. The MoUs we signed w/ China when I visited last April have started yielding fruit. A number of projects are due for immediate implementation Today I received the Foreign Minister of China, Wang Yi. We're collaborating with China in a big way, on Infrastructure development. https://t.co/Z9BMQ0cZok I look forward to working with the new Ohaneze Ndigbo leadership. My administration will continue to be a committed partner. Congratulations to the eminently qualified Chief John Nwodo on his election as the President-General of Ohaneze Ndigbo. Our vision is to revitalise 10,000 PHC facilities across Nigeria—in phases. In Phase 1 we will deliver 109; one in each Senatorial District. As part of the flag-off I commissioned the Kuchigoro Primary Health Care Centre, renovated as a model PHC, &amp; a demonstration of our vision. https://t.co/yRqMfGaKDV This morning in Abuja I flagged-off one of the cardinal programmes of our Administration – the Revitalization of Primary Health Care Centres RT @NGRPresident: The #GambiaMediation Meeting has now started. https://t.co/BOkvsb0bYu Tomorrow in Abuja, in my role as ECOWAS-mandated Mediator, I will host a meeting of West African leaders on the situation in The Gambia. I'm hopeful that soon, Chibok community, Nigeria, and, indeed, the world, will welcome the remaining girls back home. And I salute our security agencies, whose efforts have resulted in the return of some of the girls, as well as thousands of other captives I also salute all who have been in the vanguard of the quest for the recovery of the girls, nationally and internationally. I salute the fortitude of the distraught parents. As a parent myself, I feel their pain. The tears never dry, the ache lingers in our hearts Our intelligence and security forces are unrelenting, and whatever it takes, we remain resolute in our quest to bring all our girls back. Let me again say, as I have pledged in the past, that we will not spare any effort to reunite the remaining girls with their families. In the last 9 months, 24 of the Chibok girls have been recovered/rescued, even as our gallant military has relentlessly subdued Boko Haram. In my Inauguration speech I made it clear that bringing back our daughters was a priority, as important as the defeat of Boko Haram. April 14, 2014 instantly became a watershed moment for the nation; and a rallying point for the world, in the fight against terrorism. 1,000 days ago, 276 of our daughters were taken away from us by Boko Haram terrorists. Presidential Inauguration Day in Ghana. Glad to be here to witness a peaceful transition of power. I wish @NAkufoAddo &amp; @JDMahama the best. https://t.co/4dinnLba8i I also again commend President @JDMahama for his maturity and statesmanship. Ghana has once again set a great example. Looking forward to the inauguration of President-elect @NAkufoAddo, tomorrow in Accra. Congratulations again to the people of Ghana! I am being regularly briefed on the situation. Let me again extend my deepest condolences to the victims of the violence. I am also aware that the Kaduna State Govt is carrying out peace-building efforts, to bring lasting resolution to the crisis. I have also since directed @nemanigeria to work with Kaduna's SEMA, to bring urgent aid to the victims of the violence. The DSS is also working with the military and Police to provide Intelligence, to help tackle the crisis. The Army &amp; Airforce are also in the region. @HQNigerianArmy is setting up two battalions while @NigAirForce is carrying out air surveillance The Inspector-General of @PoliceNG has visited the region to assess the situation, and oversee deployments of conventional &amp; mobile officers We have in the last one week taken important steps to end the killings and violence in Southern Kaduna, as I promised in my New Year Message https://t.co/65xajirbfW RT @ProfOsinbajo: Together, Nigeria will prevail! RT @ProfOsinbajo: At all times, we must remember that the bonds that hold us together, far outweigh the differences that separate us. RT @ProfOsinbajo: President @MBuhari and I are thankful for the opportunity to serve you. We are committed to improving Nigeria for you and… RT @ProfOsinbajo: Happy New Year to the great citizens of Nigeria. https://t.co/FaezJ0U2Kn I wish you all a Happy New Year. May the Almighty God continue to bless the Federal Republic of Nigeria. I urge you to continue to support this administration in its effort to transform Nigeria for the good of all. I assure you again that the current pains are temporary and will ease when the economic seeds in gestation begin to bloom to fruition. I thank you for the public support for our administration’s efforts to transform Nigeria. It will be unthinkable on my part to allow the boat of the anti-corruption campaign — a key campaign promise — capsize mid-stream. Our war on corruption will not spare any person, or organ of government. Our determination to wrestle corruption to the ground remains unshaken, and will be guided by respect for the rule of law and due process. They are the engine of our economic recovery, and their needs underpin our Economic Recovery and Growth Plan for 2017. Farmers, SMEs, agro-allied businesses, dressmakers, entertainers, technology start-ups, will remain the true drivers of our economic future In pursuit of our administration’s philosophy, we will continue to appeal that we buy "Made In Nigeria" goods. Our economic recovery and growth plan in 2017 is anchored on optimizing the use of local content and empowering local businesses. I am optimistic that the CHANGE you voted for in 2015 will manifest more and be sustained in different sectors, in 2017 Our Agric revolution has begun. Farmers across Nigeria are experiencing bumper harvests; and states are getting into strategic partnerships. On our efforts to turn around the economy, fight corruption, and diversify from oil &amp; gas, I am encouraged that we are getting things right. I also acknowledge and assert that the law enforcement agencies must treat our Shia brethren humanely and according to the rule of law. Our brothers and sisters of the Shia Community, we equally urge you to embrace peace. You must accept the laws of the country you live in. All who have taken to violent disruptions of economic infrastructure should instead join hands with us to find peace and ensure development We will continue to pursue peace in the Niger Delta.Again I call on our dissatisfied brothers in the region to come to the negotiating table We have succeeded in harnessing our diversity for national development. We must continue to support one another and live together as one. We are courageous, hardworking, hospitable, steadfast and resilient people, even in the face of difficulties. 2017 provides an opportunity for us to build on those aspects of our national life that unite us. An African proverb says, "it is easy to break a broomstick but not a bunch”. Nigeria is a bunch and is more than equal to all troublemakers. Our defence and security forces are more than ever before ready to perform their constitutional role of protecting lives and property. In this New Year the lingering security issues in several states will be frontally addressed. We're aware of some mistakes &amp; wrongdoings in the handling of IDPs,and are taking measures to correct those mistakes and punish the culprits I urge state governments, privileged Nigerians, donor agencies and countries to redouble their contributions towards this goal. We will spare no effort in seeing to the resettlement and rehabilitation of the unfortunate victims of terrorism and insurgency. The joyful, voluntary return of thousands of IDPs to Damasak, Borno State on Christmas Day reassures us that more of such is imminent. On our own part we will ensure that misguided elements who take up arms against constituted authorities face the full weight of the law. The support of all Nigerians for the work of our security agencies is crucial in our bid to effectively secure our country. To support the war on terror I urge all Nigerians to watch out for strange figures in their communities, and report to security agencies. In 2016, 22 of our beloved Chibok girls were reunited with their families, giving us hope that those still in captivity will return safely. Following the successful capture of Sambisa Forest, we have entered a new phase in our battle against our common enemy, Boko Haram. Join me to again acknowledge the heroic efforts of our military and other security agencies on their remarkable successes against terrorism I'm happy to welcome you all to the beginning of a New Year. I have a New Year Message for all Nigerians—https://t.co/qpoLFlK1xn RT @AsoRock: Meet 18-year-old Hauwa Bulus. She learnt English in an IDP Camp in Maiduguri. And was one of the 18 winners of our @Protecting… I remain optimistic that a peaceful resolution of the situation in The Gambia is possible before the January 19, 2017 Inauguration. The main task of the MST is to undertake the preparatory work that will lead to a high-level meeting between me &amp; all the stakeholders I've now asked Foreign Minister @GeoffreyOnyeama to work with President @JDMahama to lead a Mediation Support Team (MST) At the Dec 17 ECOWAS Summit in Abuja I was asked to lead the Mediation of the situation in The Gambia, assisted by President @JDMahama At the dinner, expressing gratitude, on behalf of the nation, to Maj-Gen Leo Irabor, Commander of the military operation against Boko Haram. https://t.co/o7qy5c3Jhf The Boko Haram flag recovered from Camp Zero. The COAS, Lt. Gen. Buratai handed it over last night, at the Guards Brigade Regimental Dinner. https://t.co/3Y4ifFRzvj RT @AsoRock: Today, the Federal Govt will formally reopen two major roads in Borno State: the Maiduguri-Gubio-Damasak &amp; Maiduguri-Mungono-B… Merry Christmas! I wish all travellers safe journeys and a memorable holiday as we celebrate with our family and friends. As we celebrate Christmas, let us reflect on the love of God aptly espoused in the teachings and lifestyle of Jesus Christ. I rejoice with all Nigerians, particularly our Christian brothers and sisters, on this year's celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ. I'd like to appeal to all Nigerians to support the military by providing information that will expose terrorists hiding in our communities Congratulations to all our troops who contributed to this most commendable and momentous effort. May the Almighty continue to be with you. Yesterday, @HQNigerianArmy captured 'Camp Zero', Boko Haram's Sambisa Forest base. My message to our gallant troops—https://t.co/ds9uCZY7qD https://t.co/oxcsjD13Aa By next week about 33 State Governments would have received the first batch of the Debt Service Refunds I recently approved for payment. In all we've issued close to N400bn in conditional bailout packages to the States, as well as helped restructure &gt;N600bn of existing debt It was to tackle this issue that I approved, in 2015 and 2016, two sets of bailouts, as well as debt restructuring, for affected States This issue of salary and pension debts must be tackled by State Govts with the urgency which it deserves. It must not be allowed to linger I've asked State Govs to make outstanding salaries/pensions a priority as they receive the 1st installment of their Debt Service Refunds RT @AsoRock: WATCH: PART 2: Vice President @ProfOsinbajo's meeting with Artisans and Auto Mechanics in Mpape, Abuja, on Thursday Dec 22. ht… RT @AsoRock: VP @profosinbajo was returning from the #DigitalSwitchOver launch in Abuja, today, and stopped at the Mpape Mechanic Village.… I remain optimistic that we will meet our target of self-sufficiency in rice by 2019. We will continue to make steady progress towards it. On the part of the Federal Government, we will continue to support these initiatives through favorable policies and incentives. I urge other State Govts to replicate the laudable example of LAKE Rice, not only in rice but also in other staple crops, and dairy products I commend Governors @AkinwunmiAmbode and Atiku Bagudu for fulfilling the MoU they signed in March 2016, to boost rice production https://t.co/Mu8eAHJvEi I'm proud of the successful agricultural partnership between Lagos and Kebbi States, which has produced LAKE (Lagos-Kebbi) Rice. https://t.co/9THA4mhMdF Pleased to welcome the President-elect of the Republic of Ghana, @NAkufoAddo, to the State House today. I look forward to working with him https://t.co/byPGzm0Za4 Happy 54th Birthday to Senate Pres @bukolasaraki, one of the most influential politicians of our time. I wish you many more prosperous years I will continue to work for the good of Nigeria, and ask you all to join hands with me, and my Govt,to build a nation we can all be proud of I thank everyone who wished me a happy birthday yesterday. I received and acknowledge all your messages and kind wishes. I wish @Pontifex a Happy 80th Birthday, today. It is my prayer that you will enjoy many more years of service to God and to humanity. I'm grateful to @AminaJMohammed for her service to Nigeria, and have no doubt that in her new assignment she will continue to make us proud. The incoming @UN Secretary-General António Guterres called this evening to inform me of the decision to appoint @AminaJMohammed I wholeheartedly endorse the choice of  of @AminaJMohammed as the next Deputy Secretary-General of the @UN. It is a great honour to Nigeria. The 3rd, a Warship, NNS UNITY, was built in China—product of our thriving diplomatic &amp; defence relations with the People's Republic of China I pledge the continued total support of my administration to the Nigerian Military. We will continue to fund and equip you to do your work. Nigerian Engineers at the @NigerianNavy Dockyard in Lagos &amp; Naval Shipyard in P/Harcourt built NNS KARADUWA &amp; Tugboat COMMANDER EDWIN UGWU Today in Lagos I commissioned three new Naval Ships. I'm pleased to note that two of those Ships were built locally by @NigerianNavy. The Minister of Budget and National Planning will provide a breakdown of the highlights of the 2017 Budget estimates I presented today. I must admit these negotiations took longer than expected, but I am optimistic that these projects will commence in 2017 for all to see. In 2016, we invested a lot of time on the paperwork for these rail projects—negotiating the most beneficial deal for Nigeria and Nigerians. #Budget2017 contains N213.14 billion as counterpart funding for the Lagos-Kano, Calabar-Lagos, Ajaokuta-Itakpe-Warri railway, and others Infrastructure will be one of our biggest continuing priorities in 2017: Roads, Rail and Power projects. I have instructed that the Export Expansion Grant be revived in the form of tax credits to companies. N20 billion has been voted for this. The new Development Bank of Nigeria will soon start operations with US$1.3 billion focused exclusively on Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises #Budget2017 contains N50bn as the Fed Govt's Contribution for development/expansion of new/existing Export Processing &amp; Special Econ Zones The allocation for the Presidential Amnesty Programme has been increased to N65 billion in #Budget2017 #Budget2017 contains N500bn for the Social Investment Prog we launched in 2016: School Feeding, GEEP, @npower_ng, Cash Transfer &amp; others Social Investments will continue to be a priority. #Budget2017 contains N100 billion seed money for the new N1 trillion Family Homes Fund We've tasked the Efficiency Unit of the Min of Finance to cut certain overhead costs by 20%, to free resources to fund capital expenditure. One priority for us in 2017 is to bring about greater coherence between monetary, fiscal and trade policies. We'll continue our cost containment efforts. We've restricted travel costs, reduced sitting allowances,eliminated thousands of Ghost workers We will continue to confront the inherited issue of indebtedness to contractors &amp; other third parties, &amp; negotiate realistic payment plans Implementation of the public-private partnership models we have developed, to deliver critical Infrastructure in power, roads and rail This is what you should expect from us in 2017: We will resolve the liquidity issue in the power sector. On our part, Govt has made provisions in #Budget2017 to clear its outstanding debt. During 2016, we conducted a critical assessment of the power sector value chain, which is experiencing major funding issues. Nigerians will begin to see the tangible benefits of our Infrastructure modernization in 2017. Modernizing Nigeria's railway system is a priority in the 2017 Budget. In 2016, we made a lot of progress completing financing arrangements. In 2017, we will focus on the rapid development of infrastructure, especially rail, roads and power. I've established the Presidential Enabling Business Council, chaired by @ProfOsinbajo, w/ a mandate to make doing business in Nigeria easier Facilitation of business and commerce must be the major objective of government agencies. Government must not be the bottle-neck. I will be issuing some Executive Orders to ensure the facilitation and speeding up of government procurements and approvals. The new JV funding structure will positively impact Govt revenues, which will be allocated to Infrastructure, Agric, Mining &amp; Manufacturing From January 2017, the Federal Government will no longer make provision for Joint Venture (JV) cash-calls. We will also continue our ongoing reforms to enhance the efficiency of the management of our oil and gas resources. Our Econ Plan is the 'Economic Recovery and Growth Plan.' One of its cornerstones is promoting local content and empowering local businesses A pleasure to present #2017budget Proposals to a Joint Session of @nassnigeria,presided over by @bukolasaraki, today—https://t.co/5tnjbjZfUt The mediation continues. After our meeting with President Jammeh we met with President-Elect Adama Barrow. https://t.co/4l88pPvsx2 Our meeting with President Yahya Jammeh, at the State House https://t.co/y6EHp5RG1Z We will be asking President Jammeh to respect his country's Constitution, and to maintain the inviolability of the electoral process. We will meet with President Yahya Jammeh, and also with President-elect Adama Barrow. I am in The Gambia with other ECOWAS leaders to insist on the sanctity of the electoral process, and respect for the wishes of the people https://t.co/5nbCVMb8Pf As we celebrate and reflect, I wish all Nigerians a peaceful Eid-el-Maulud. This week, I will present #Budget2017 to the National Assembly—it is part of a Plan we're confident will get us out of these difficult times With collective dedication &amp; hard work, we will overcome our economic difficulties, and return Nigeria to the path of prosperity. We all share a vision of a better Nigeria, and we will all share in the responsibility of building the country of our dreams. Instead, these current challenges should remind us of why we need to stay together, fight together and succeed together, as a nation. The reality of the temporary challenges we're facing should not undermine our hope, or reverse our collective will to succeed, or divide us. On this occasion, I urge you not to lose faith in the ability of this administration to make a positive difference in your lives. I wish all Muslims a happy and memorable celebration. #Eidmiladunnabi Today we mark Eid-El-Maulud, the birth of Prophet Mohammed (Peace Be Upon Him). Read my message to the nation—https://t.co/ej9GZAiElc RT @DigiCommsNG: Hospitals where blood donations are needed in Uyo, Akwa Ibom. Please RT. If you're in the area please consider donating bl… RT @AsoRock: FGN recognizes the severity of the humanitarian situation in the Northeast of #Nigeria, &amp; has worked with partners to create a… Any tragedy that affects any part of Nigeria affects all of us. Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with the people of Akwa Ibom. I pray that the souls of the deceased will rest in peace, and that the injured will experience quick recovery. I asked the Governor to convey to the people of Akwa Ibom the deep sorrow felt by me, and by the entire country, over this tragedy. This evening I spoke with Gov @MrUdomEmmanuel to commiserate with him on the tragic collapse of the Reigners Bible Church building in Uyo. I wish Ghana a smooth transition of power, and look forward to working with President @NAkufoAddo Africa's future rests on building strong democratic institutions, ensuring credible elections, and respect for the sanctity of the ballot. I particularly commend President @JDMahama for the great courage to call @NAkufoAddo and concede defeat. I also salute the statesmanship of President @JDMahama, who came into office at a trying period for Ghana, and worked for a better country. Congratulations to @NAkufoAddo on his historic win. The maturity and peaceful conduct of the election is a victory for all Ghanaians. The battle against terrorism is a joint effort involving all of us. Together, Nigerians can AND WILL defeat the evil that is Boko Haram. This latest attack is obviously an act of desperation, but the Nigerian military will neither be distracted, nor relent in its war on terror Putting an end to this senseless loss of innocent lives remains a top priority of our administration. My heartfelt condolences to the families of the victims of the twin bomb blasts in Madagali, Adamawa State, today. We remain committed to deepening democracy by building a legacy of respect for the people's wishes through free, fair &amp; credible elections I enjoin @inecnigeria to do all within its powers to give transparency and fairness to the electoral exercise in Rivers State. Elections should not be seen as do-or-die. Innocent blood should never be sacrificed on the altar of political contest for temporary power. I urge all political parties, candidates &amp; the people of Rivers to please ensure that tomorrow's polls take place without rigging &amp; violence The Management of the NYSC must continue to do all within its powers to protect the lives of those under its charge. In particular I have asked for an independent investigation into the actual circumstances behind the death in Kano of Miss Ifedolapo Oladepo Chinyerum Elechi, Ifedolapo Oladepo &amp; Monday Asuquo Ukeme, who passed on in Bayelsa,Kano &amp; Zamfara, died answering the call to serve Nigeria I'm saddened by the deaths of 3 NYSC members during the 2016 Batch 'B' Orientation. It is sad and unfortunate. May their souls rest in peace RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari speaking yesterday at the Heads of State and Government Panel at the 2016 #DakarForum. #Security #Lake… I have notified the National Assembly of my intention to present the 2017 Budget on Wednesday, December 14, 2016 #Budget2017 One highlight of foreign trips is the time I spend meeting the Nigerian diaspora. Today in Dakar I met a group based in Senegal &amp; C/d'Ivoire https://t.co/mjwzAPApfH I spoke with Gambian President-Elect Mr Adama Barrow on the phone this afternoon, to personally congratulate him on his victory. I'm pleased to welcome H.E. Madam Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, President of Liberia, to the State House. Liberia continues to be a valued partner. https://t.co/Q4bB0e4AkQ She was a distinguished economist &amp; manager; a role model who broke the glass ceiling again &amp; again. May Almighty God grant her eternal rest I received with sadness the news of the death of Otunba Bola Kuforiji-Olubi. I recall our meeting on Oct 20, shortly after she turned 80. https://t.co/8pphV3RGmV A very sweet and well-deserved victory for the Super Falcons, African champions for the 8th time. Congratulations to the Team, &amp; to Nigeria https://t.co/nMhRhcNw8a RT @NGRPresident: To ensure compliance,funds will be credited to an auditable Acct from which payments would be made to individual creditor… RT @NGRPresident: Pres @MBuhari's overriding concern is for the welfare of Nigerians, considering the fact that many States are owing salar… RT @NGRPresident: The reimbursements to the States are to settle claims of over-deductions, arising between 1995 and 2002, on external debt… RT @NGRPresident: Total amount approved by the President is N522.74 billion, to be paid in batches. The first batch of N153.01bn is current… RT @NGRPresident: The release of these funds, approved by President @MBuhari, is to boost demand at consumer level &amp; reverse the slowdown i… RT @NGRPresident: The first batch of N153.01 billion is currently being processed for release to 14 State Governments—https://t.co/pV9x978X… RT @NGRPresident: Pres @MBuhari has approved the reimbursement of N522.74 billion to State Govts, as part of FG's Fiscal Support Prog—https… I wish our Super Falcons the best in the #AWCON2016 final. I urge them to play with the confidence that the entire nation is behind them. https://t.co/AiLNZ7M61F I look forward to a smooth transition of power, and to working with the incoming President to deepen relations between Nigeria &amp; The Gambia I also salute the spirit of statesmanship displayed by out-going President Yahya Jammeh, in conceding defeat. I congratulate President-elect Adama Barrow. And the Gambian people, for peacefully exercising their democratic right to choose their leader The Ministry of Finance is currently processing the first batch of 153 billion naira, which, I am told, will be released to 14 States. We have stipulated that at least 50% of the funds should be dedicated to salaries &amp;pensions, &amp; will audit disbursements to ensure compliance I have approved the disbursement of 522 billion naira to States, to enable them pay salary &amp; pension arrears, and put money in the economy Today Nigeria and Morocco signed an Agreement aimed at making us self-sufficient in fertilizer production. We will work to implement it. I welcomed his Majesty King Mohammed VI of Morocco to Nigeria today. I look forward to our discussions, for the benefit of our two countries https://t.co/SLC3v855Ce RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari today received the Chairman &amp; the Executive Secretary of the South East Council of Traditional Rulers,… RT @AsoRock: Excerpt from latest edition of #GovtAtWorkNG eMail Newsletter. 

Details here: https://t.co/3brqCVu0CL

Sign Up: https://t.co/… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari today, while receiving the Letter of Credence of the United States Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr. William… I also received Senate President @bukolasaraki in my office today. Very soon I will present the 2017 budget to the National Assembly. https://t.co/EtA9mgPAZ8 I received Governor-Elect @RotimiAkeredolu today, at the State House. Congratulations again, on your well-deserved victory! https://t.co/x7uZFndlqd Our Super Falcons have made Nigeria proud again. The entire country looks forward to the #AWCON2016 Final on Saturday. https://t.co/gvmx9Etdck Every time and anywhere I've served in Nigeria, we found it efficient and cost-effective to use Nigerian engineers. They're very competent. I have a lot of respect for Nigerian Engineers, having worked with them over the years, from my time as Petroleum Commissioner, to the PTF President of the Nigerian Academy of Engineers (NAE), Mrs. Joanna Maduka,  decorating me as Grand Patron of the NAE, today https://t.co/3qbVzxPHhh Congratulations to our Super Falcons on their fantastic performance in the #AWCON2016. We're proud of you, &amp; wish you all the best tomorrow! https://t.co/KF8LeJGhjs A huge win! The unity &amp; resilience of our party was tested — I'm glad we emerged victorious. 
Congratulations Gov-Elect @RotimiAkeredolu! https://t.co/pmUAzbPZA3 Fidel Castro was a great friend to Africa, to countries in the Global South and to the Non-Aligned Movement. His place in history is assured I received with sadness the news of the death of Fidel Castro. My deepest condolences to the Government and people of Cuba. I made it clear that I will remove ANY sign of padding in the 2017 budget document. It will NEVER happen again under my watch. Today, while receiving members of the Governance Support Group (GSG), I took the opportunity to comment again on the issue of budget padding Happy 70th birthday to @atiku. I'm glad to welcome him to the 70s Club, and wish him many more years of good health and service to Nigeria https://t.co/RjqOjgxCwB RT @NGRPresident: The names of the first batch of 200,000 beneficiaries of @npower_ng Programme now up on the website: https://t.co/bQhUbFb… Today in Akure I presented our Governorship candidate, Rotimi Akeredolu, to the people of Ondo State, at our grand finale campaign rally https://t.co/wnJ8fEKQvu Let me assure all Nigerians that our Government will continue to work to fulfill our promises on Security, the Economy &amp; fighting Corruption I'm pleased that those who lost the Ondo primaries are still very much in the APC. That you lose elections doesn’t mean you should walk away I'm in Akure today for the grand finale Rally of our party's Governorship campaign. First I met with all our aspirants, and party leaders. Yesterday I delivered Nigeria's National Statement at the High Level Segment of #COP22 https://t.co/myDwHw5AEE https://t.co/m991FXf1G6 Profound gratitude to His Majesty King Mohammed VI of Morocco for the hospitality. And congrats to #COP22 Pres @Salahmezouar on his election https://t.co/3eEARnOIbA For us in Nigeria, the issue of Climate Change is actually about survival. This is why we need to pay attention—https://t.co/4xgH9iGnqD Arrived to a warm welcome in Morocco. Tomorrow I will deliver Nigeria's Statement at the Opening Plenary of the #COP22 High Level Segment. https://t.co/q2m1wDrDaI Today I swore in the new Acting Chief Justice of Nigeria, Hon Justice Walter Onnoghen. He succeeds the retiring Justice Mahmud Mohammed. https://t.co/Rf9ODNSxu3 On my visit to Edo State earlier this week I was very impressed by the work Gov Adams Oshiomhole has done in infrastructure development I look forward to working together with President-elect Trump to build on and strengthen relations between Nigeria &amp; the USA On behalf of the Govt and people of Nigeria, I congratulate President-elect @realDonaldTrump on his victory in the US presidential election. We will work with the State Govt and security agencies to find a lasting solution to the problem of armed banditry in the state and region. These killings are utterly condemnable. I am in touch with Governor @YariAbubakar; and being briefed on ongoing investigations. I commiserate with the Government and people of Zamfara on the cold-blooded murder, by armed bandits, of 36 persons at Bindin in Maru LGA. May the souls of the departed rest in peace, and may Almighty God grant their families and colleagues the fortitude to bear this tragic loss Extraordinary officer &amp; men, who laid down their lives that Nigeria might be free from the terror of Boko Haram. You will never be forgotten 7. Pte Salisu Lawal 6. Able Seaman Patrick Paul (Nigerian Navy) 5. Cpl Chukwu Simon 4. Sgt Bassey Okon 3. Sgt Hussani Jafaru 2. Sgt Muazu Ibrahim 1. Lt Col Muhammad Abu-Ali Not many people may remember: I spent most of the 40 months of my detention, following the 1985 coup, in a small bungalow here in Benin City I'm glad to be visiting Edo State, to commission Infrastructure projects completed by the administration of Gov Adams Oshiomhole https://t.co/FSHvwCnaRA I call on members of the Armed Forces to not allow this tragic incident dampen their spirits and resolve. Evil will not triumph over good. I have also personally conveyed my condolences to the late Lt. Col Ali's father, Brigadier-Gen. Abu Ali (Rtd), and his widow, Samira. No words can do justice to the patriotism and remarkable courage of these soldiers, who laid down their lives for Nigeria. I received the news of the deaths with shock. Lt. Col. Abu Ali was an extraordinary officer who inspired respect among those he commanded. I have asked Chief of Staff Abba Kyari to lead a delegation to represent me at the funeral of Lt Col Abu Ali &amp; other fallen heroes, tomorrow No man, woman, or child will be left at the mercy of Boko Haram. This has always been our promise, and we fully intend to keep it. I commend our troops, who continue to work gallantly to secure the people and territory of Nigeria. You are our heroes. I've received the heartwarming news of the rescue of another of our Chibok Girls, by the Nigerian Army. In Sokoto I commissioned the 500-Unit Kalambaina Housing Estate completed by the administration of Governor @AWTambuwal https://t.co/OU6U2udKRb I attended a Mini Durbar to celebrate the 10th Anniversary of the Sultan of Sokoto, Muhammadu Sa’ad Abubakar III. Long may he reign. https://t.co/iwuSsyHIx1 Heartfelt Condolences to the family of Sir Olaniwun Ajayi, the entire Afenifere, and the Govt &amp; people of Ogun State, on his passing. This aft I received in audience Senate Pres @bukolasaraki. The Executive &amp; Legislature will continue to work together for Nigeria's progress https://t.co/DusSsP9jul This afternoon I received the Executive Committee Members of the Christian Association of Nigeria – 19 Northern States and Abuja. https://t.co/tG3dan2wiM When there is peace,we will all benefit. Nobody will invest in an insecure environment. We must cooperate to make Nigeria work for all of us I told the Leaders that they have more to do than anyone else to bring peace to the N/Delta,given the influence they have on militant groups Nigeria cannot thrive if any part of it is trapped in conflict and violence. We have to give peace a chance in the Niger Delta. We are currently reviewing the implementation of the Niger Delta Amnesty Programme, to determine the shortcomings, and areas for reform The issues presented ranged from Infrastructure needs to the strengthening of institutions like the NDDC, and matters of fiscal federalism. At our meeting today the Leaders and Stakeholders of the Niger Delta, led by Chief Edwin Clark, presented a list of 16 issues for dialogue. Meeting with Niger Delta Stakeholders this afternoon: Governors, former Govs, Ministers, Legislators, Traditional Rulers, Activists, Youths We will protect the lives and wellbeing of these most vulnerable of Nigeria's citizens. And we will ensure they return safely to their homes Let me assure that these very distressing reports will not be taken lightly. We will act decisively on the findings of the investigations. I have seen the new @hrw report, and asked the Inspector-General of Police and concerned State Governors to investigate immediately Deeply worrying to hear the reports of sexual abuse and exploitation of women and girls by security personnel in IDP camps in the Northeast When the world stands together, it will be impossible for evil to triumph over good. Days after the attempt on the holy city of Makkah, Maiduguri suffered an attack. We must rally together &amp; not allow ourselves to be cowed. I told @KingSalman that we must not relent in our efforts to strengthen Int'l coalition in the fight against terrorism and violent extremism Today I spoke with Saudi @KingSalman Al Saud to express #Nigeria's solidarity following the missile attack on the holy city of Makkah Read my speeches at:

1. Inaug of Pres Committee on NE Initiative(PCNI)—https://t.co/ZKRDgBf9mK

2. #7BigWins Launch—https://t.co/OTjhFVFGu4 Today I approved nomination of 46 non-career Ambassadors-Designate, in addition to the 47 Career Ambassadors-Designate I nominated in June I urge all to honour Ken Jnr.'s memory by supporting us to make his dream of an environmentally safe and prosperous Ogoni land a reality. The world salutes the late Saro-Wiwa Jnr.'s dedication to the clean-up of Ogoni land, after the death of his father, Ken Saro-Wiwa Today I spoke with Ken Saro-Wiwa Jnr.'s widow, to express condolences, on behalf of myself &amp; the nation, on the death of her husband Today I received 21 dear daughters. They have seen the worst that the world has to offer. It is now time for them to experience the best. RT @AsoRock: VP @ProfOsinbajo: 'As President @MBuhari always says, If we don't kill corruption, it will kill us. We're determined that it w… Productive discussions on security and economic cooperation today, with German Chancellor Angela Merkel &amp; team at the Chancellery in Berlin https://t.co/W9G2PwaOES RT @ProfOsinbajo: Dawn, dusk, almost a 1000 days.
Twenty-one of our girls are back. 
It is my joy to welcome you home.
The nation has been… Cooperation on the security &amp; humanitarian situation in the Northeast will form a significant part of my discussions with Chancellor Merkel The Department of State Services (DSS) has briefed me on the matter, and will continue to provide updates. As I depart Abuja for Germany on an Official Visit, I welcome the release of 21 of our Chibok Girls, following successful negotiations. I commend our military for their unflagging efforts. This attack has further strengthened our resolve to completely neutralize Boko Haram. Unable to hold territory, the severely degraded terrorist group now occasionally resorts to cowardly attacks on soft targets. I am disheartened by the news of the bomb blast in Maiduguri. My condolences to the families of the victims, and the Borno State Government. I am delighted the theme of #NES22 is 'Made In Nigeria'. I acknowledge all Champions of Made-in-Nig, who have defied the odds over the years https://t.co/zJGUHB4mEo I declared #NES22 open this morning. In my Address I noted that we need to diversify the Economy so we never again depend on one commodity. https://t.co/wbeJYtTWOa Congratulations to @NGSuperEagles on the weekend victory! The first step in a long journey. Nigerians are looking forward to Russia 2018! Former President Obasanjo visited this afternoon. Always a pleasure to discuss Governance &amp; national issues with him https://t.co/7WYFAjvss5 Congratulations to @GEJonathan and Prof Attahiru Jega, joint winners with me of the @LeadershipNGA 2015 "Person of the Year" Award On this #WorldTeachersDay I remember Kasimu Adamu Zangon-Daura, my Junior Primary School Teacher. Who is the first Teacher you remember? RT @AsoRock: PMB: "I know how difficult things are, and how rough business is. In every part of our nation people are making incredible sac… Presidents of Benin, Chad, Niger joined me at today's book launch. Our regional partnership is one I value very much https://t.co/YHbqF7Ukzj Today Prof JN Paden, whom I've known for many years,presented his biography of me. I commend his intellectual effort https://t.co/KDC7Q2rS5e I wish all Nigerians a Happy 56th Independence Anniversary.  #NigeriaAt56 https://t.co/NVLrjswb0S Congratulations to the Govt and people of Edo State on the successful conclusion of #EdoDecides, and the victory of Godwin Obaseki Shimon Peres served his country firmly, faithfully and dutifully, and stands as an enduring symbol of love, magnanimity and understanding. My sincere condolences to the Govt &amp; people of the State of Israel on the passing of former President &amp; Prime Minister, Shimon Peres I'm happy to be back home, after spending the week in New York for UNGA. Grateful to all the officials who helped make the trip successful. I wish King Sunny Ade a happy 70th birthday today. KSA has taken African music to the world, and brought great pride to Nigeria and Africa Our Priorities for the Nigerian Economy:

-Infrastructure 
-Industry 
-Agriculture
-Mining
-Digital Economy—

https://t.co/lER03jTRYd RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari's Speech at the #USAfricaBizForum—https://t.co/2clGoIcabe https://t.co/ITgGQ5XvDZ RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari arriving for #USAfricaBizForum, accompanied by Ministers of @TradeInvestNG and @fmmsdngr https://t.co/… In my speech at the #USAfricaBizForum I will expand on the message of my @BV article, published this morning https://t.co/cJzJinpI2R This morning I will join President Obama, @MikeBloomberg, &amp; African Heads of State &amp; CEOs at the US-Africa Business Forum #USAfricaBizForum My article for @BV on our ongoing work to secure Nigeria, fight corruption, and revamp the economy—https://t.co/cJzJinpI2R #USAfricaBizForum We had a good meeting with @POTUS. I thanked him for the immense support in the fight against Boko Haram. Also wished him a happy retirement It was a pleasure to meet with @POTUS and President @fhollande this morning, on the sidelines of UNGA #NigeriaUNGA https://t.co/z3nSRaCaKC We're glad for every opportunity to reaffirm to the world our vision for a secure and prosperous #Nigeria #UNGA2016 https://t.co/vPWgIkKPwI Congratulations to Team Nigeria for an outstanding performance at the Paralympic Games—12 medals; top-performing African team. #Rio2016 My Speech at today's Cabinet Retreat on the Economy—https://t.co/XkaenvjMZc RT @AsoRock: ONGOING: Cabinet Retreat on the Economy, at the State House. Presided over by President @MBuhari. Ministers and Heads of Agenc… Every time I see Gen Yakubu Gowon, I thank him for the NYSC, a worthy scheme that allows young Nigerians to see their country in new ways Youth Corpers serving in Daura visited me at home this afternoon. https://t.co/xO513jdajU We will emerge from these difficult times. We are doing our best, I urge you to equally do your best. One area of special concern is job creation for our unemployed youth. Vice President @ProfOsinbajo is leading our efforts in this regard On the economy, no doubt these are difficult times for Nigeria. Let me assure you we're doing our best to improve the lives of all Nigerians On security, we have made tremendous progress against Boko Haram. We are now applying the same determination to the battle against militancy I wish all Nigerians a joyous Eid-El-Kabir. We will continue to work to make Nigeria a great nation. https://t.co/oUs2656bWH My Eid-El-Kabir message to Nigerians. I wish you all happy holidays. https://t.co/LwfQSQi6I8 https://t.co/DlHaMdie3U RT @NGRPresident: "In our culture people who're successful don't appear like you, they're big men," @MBuhari joked w/ Mark Zuckerberg https… Today I told Mark Zuckerberg, founder/CEO of Facebook, that for too long Nigeria has remained a country of potential—and we must change that Our gallant troops in the Northeast have already rescued thousands of people. We will never give up on the Chibok girls. What we will not do is waste time and resources on doubtful sources, who falsely claim to know the whereabouts of the Chibok girls. I reiterated it in Nairobi, that we want our Chibok girls safe, we want them out. We're doing all we can to reunite them with their families Today in Nairobi, bilateral talks with Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan, on the sidelines of #TICADVI https://t.co/wShwrV3qJW I wish the Sultan of Sokoto, Muhammadu Sa'ad Abubakar III, a happy 60th birthday, and Almighty Allah's blessings https://t.co/3GsDqfkIaf Always a pleasure to meet with @JohnKerry. We last met at the London Anti-Corruption Summit, in May. https://t.co/F4SFVFcwCj Under my watch we will work to ensure that there is no place for violence in the name of religion, ethnicity, or in any guise whatsoever. My prayers are with the families of the victims. I received news of the mob killings in Zamfara with great dismay. It is barbaric &amp; unacceptable. I assure that the law will take its course Pastor Tunde Bakare, my running mate in 2011, visited this afternoon. Tunde is a man whose counsel I greatly respect https://t.co/XMqnjFMRWZ Nigeria remembers Dr. Ameyo Stella Adadevoh, who died on this day, two years ago, and whose heroic actions helped us contain the Ebola virus While not relenting in the war on terrorism, we will also focus on fast-tracking the voluntary return of IDPs, &amp; their rehab &amp; reintegration The outgoing Egyptian Amb today told me he travelled by road from Maiduguri to Yobe last month. This was once a journey no one dared to make Former Head of State, General Abdulsalami Abubakar visited today. https://t.co/H93pw4yVWf Happy Birthday to IBB. Hearty  congratulations on the milestone of attaining 75 years. I pray that Almighty Allah grants you many more years I'm equally proud of all our athletes flying the Nigerian flag in Rio. Well done to @cukogu, who made it to the finals of her event today A good game from our Dream Team. Congratulations to them, and to all Nigerians. My letter to young Nigerians, to mark International Youth Day. You are the  strength &amp; future of Nigeria. #IYD2016 https://t.co/p2hJ3l1EIg Our commitment to cleaning, securing and empowering the Niger Delta is genuine. We made a promise, we will fulfill it. Joseph Yobo was also a part of the delegation that visited me this morning https://t.co/5wtcJ364ad This morning I received a delegation of Ogoni leaders, led by HRM King G.N.K. Gininwa (JP) OFR,Gbenemene Tai Kingdom https://t.co/pRpiyy6rKz Professor Wole Soyinka visited this morning. We had quite a lot to talk about. https://t.co/0XJHozHIO0 Gov @MrUdomEmmanuel of Akwa Ibom visited today. I'm a big advocate of partnerships between the Federal &amp; State Govts https://t.co/K3ecB29JO7 Tomorrow I will join other Heads of State and Govt in N'Djamena for the inauguration ceremony of President Idriss Deby Itno of Chad "The National Defence College symbolizes the height of military professionalism and excellence in Nigeria."—https://t.co/dQ7piazMft Today I attended the Graduation Ceremony of Course 24 of the National Defence College. Congrats to all the graduates https://t.co/oeK4RrWXoc I rejoice with @GofamintNigeria as they turn 60. I wish them many more successful decades of fruitful service in God's Vineyard &amp; to Nigeria Today is yet another milestone in #NDCleanUp. I inaugurated the Gov Council &amp; BoT, in fulfillment of our promise. https://t.co/1Jqkn6fju0 Aug 4, 2011, @UNEP released its Report on Ogoniland. 5 years to that day, we're fulfilling our promise to implement. https://t.co/GKKhsUFEyo I just met with my predecessor, @GEJonathan, at the State House https://t.co/jvDY4Hs0fj My best wishes to Revd Father Ejike Mbaka on the 21st anniversary of his ordination to Catholic priesthood, tomorrow https://t.co/fitV5ZUoOa Governor Dickson visited today. We will continue to partner for peace and development in the Niger Delta. https://t.co/JdLMX9GVVm Let me assure Nigerians that the Govt is going ahead with plans to construct Lagos-Calabar &amp; Kano-Lagos rail lines https://t.co/uN1Z5VTfkD As we get down to work, I look forward to flagging off many more lines outlined in our transport policy programme https://t.co/myxS8QOzTG Today I commissioned the Abuja-Kaduna railway track, and flagged off train services for passengers and freight https://t.co/3Im90T9koG I told my @FIFAcom guests that a lot of Nigerians are married to football. We have no choice than to nurture it https://t.co/jlBwqoMhLS It was a pleasure to host former President Obasanjo this afternoon, at the State House https://t.co/1qI9QWOdoc Let me also thank our development partners: @WHO @UNICEF @gatesfoundation @AlikoDangote Fdn @USAID @CDCgov @Rotary and others #PolioFreeNG We're committed to making the certification a reality, by supporting routine immunization, and revitalizing our primary health care system The next major milestone for us as a country is the certification of polio-free status in 2017 by the World Health Organisation @WHO Today marks two years since the last case of wild poliovirus was reported in Nigeria. I congratulate all who have made this possible I also had a word for govt officials. Anyone who has no business at #Rio2016, should they wish to attend, should do so at their own expense Today I hosted #TeamNigeria at the State House. I told them to play fair, play clean, and to Go for Gold in Rio! https://t.co/ntbF3lJY8H Earlier today, in a private audience with Sen David Mark. He was military Governor of Niger when I was Head of State https://t.co/SFTpiK5GAe RT @NGRPresident: READ: President @MBuhari's Speech at the Workshop on The Role of Judges In the Fight Against Corruption https://t.co/yLs1… The Nigerian Judiciary can count on me for all the support required to keep it vibrant and efficient. #PACACJudges I would like to commend the tremendous effort the Nigerian judiciary is making to support our fight against Corruption #PACACJudges I welcome all our invited guests, from Nigeria and abroad; stakeholders in our national fight against Corruption. #PACACJudges This morning I'm delivering the keynote speech at the @pacacng Workshop on The Role of Judges in the Fight Against Corruption #PACACJudges Today we celebrated the graduation of Zahra and Yusuf, and Halimat's Call to the Bar. https://t.co/vxyNUsTljJ We're determined more than ever to deal decisively with any threat to the security of Nigeria from any quarters https://t.co/1e7biBQqCq Today I spent time with troops of HQ 1 Brigade, in Dansadau, Zamfara State, to mark the 2016 Nigerian Army Day https://t.co/DicPyuxpoO Nigerians' concerns about unemployment, our anti-corruption campaign, herdsmen-farmers clashes, are genuine concerns—https://t.co/u2cbrFobmZ With Vice President @ProfOsinbajo, my wife @aishambuhari, and son Yusuf, at home, today #EidMubarak https://t.co/m6h6erLrJY I promise you all better days ahead even as we remain grateful for your unflinching support to our administration. #EidMubarak I want to commend the amazing sacrifices of Nigerians in the face of our temporary economic and social challenges—https://t.co/7fPuSquksk After Eid prayers at Mambilla Barracks, I received guests in Sallah homage at the State House #EidMubarak https://t.co/MmHwsY9imD Wishing all Nigerians a Happy #EidMubarak. May the Almighty Allah continue to bless our nation. https://t.co/AvhyYUr0ic Read my message to Nigerians, on the occasion of Eid El Fitr, which marks the completion of the Ramadan fast—https://t.co/7fPuSquksk For this evening's breaking of the Ramadan fast I welcomed the physically-challenged, and IDPs, to the State House https://t.co/DFeQE8uy7N This afternoon my Classmates in the 1953 set of Katsina Middle School paid me a visit, in Daura. https://t.co/ehn4d7T1nu RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari this afternoon departed Abuja, to spend the weekend in Katsina https://t.co/StDOShkeOT Tonight I hosted members of the Diplomatic Corps to the breaking of the Ramadan fast, at the State House https://t.co/KgzvrOkQYx We intend to rebuild this country; so our children &amp; grandchildren will have a good place they can call their own —https://t.co/Zt174Tco4A Today I received in audience the Niger Delta Dialogue and Contact Group, at the State House—https://t.co/Zt174Tco4A https://t.co/6XjH2mMpvC This evening I hosted the National Council of Traditional Rulers of Nigeria to the breaking of the Ramadan fast https://t.co/7rbu6V9p9a Today I met with Gov Al-Makura of Nasarawa. Supporting state govts is an important part of our mandate as a Fed Govt https://t.co/ghFE918NUQ Tonight I broke the Ramadan fast with Nigeria's business leaders, partners in growing the economy &amp; creating jobs https://t.co/ROrAMb5Bup This evening I hosted APC leaders to the breaking of the Ramadan fast, at the State House https://t.co/dFh8A5dVbO RT @NGRPresident: State House Press Release: #Brexit: President @MBuhari praises @David_Cameron's statesmanship, courage—https://t.co/LMGAr… Nigeria looks forward to greater cooperation and consolidation of shared interests with Britain, despite the outcome of the referendum. By putting the will of the people before his political future, the PM proved himself to be a selfless leader with respect for democracy Nigeria has enjoyed remarkable goodwill, support &amp; understanding from the UK under the capable leadership of @David_Cameron over the years Today I received with regret news of the impending resignation of British Prime Minister @David_Cameron #EUref This evening I broke the Ramadan fast with members of the Judiciary, at the State House https://t.co/0JAowUv8DD RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari: "We are determined to rehabilitate #Nigeria for coming generations."—https://t.co/tdr6kMap0j RT @NGRPresident: State House Press Release: War Against Corruption Will Be Vigorously Sustained – President @MBuhari—https://t.co/tdr6kMap… But if you have short-changed the treasury, you will be caught and you’ll have your day in court. We will not touch anybody that did not touch public funds. If you behave yourself, you'll sleep soundly, your families will enjoy respect I have never in my life believed in corruption. If we make any mistake &amp; compromise our integrity, Nigeria will be further dragged back. It was an opportunity to remind them  of my commitment to leading Nigeria w/ integrity &amp; commitment to improving lives of ordinary Nigerians Earlier today I met with and addressed staff of the State House. https://t.co/31PEAPfmRD Yesterday I hosted the Ministers to the Breaking of the Ramadan fast, at the Presidential Villa https://t.co/50jxie1FdL Today I appointed Mr Ibrahim Kpotun Idris Acting Inspector-General of Police, to replace the retiring Solomon Arase https://t.co/s4Z1G1d5G8 It also provided an opportunity for me to host outgoing Inspector-General of @PoliceNG, Solomon Arase, to dinner https://t.co/eMHxRBSrbr This evening I broke the fast with the security chiefs (Military, Intelligence services and Police) https://t.co/qsqm1uqQZd This morning, with Vice President  @ProfOsinbajo, in my office. Good to be back at work. https://t.co/goEZx1uZXm In a new Op-Ed for @WSJ I outline the 3 changes my govt is driving to reposition #Nigeria for inclusive growth—https://t.co/YGy65rIb1p RT @NGRPresident: "We have an opportunity. Let us take it." - President @MBuhari [May 29, 2015] http://t.co/Zb7SgXuftD RT @NGRPresident: View the #100Days images in higher resolution. http://t.co/wo3WTF2iZN As part of the commemoration of Int'l Youth Day, I'd like to throw this challenge to Nigerians at home and abroad http://t.co/bQ7BuAgQyu This year's theme - 'Youth Civic Engagement' - couldn't be more apt,considering the vital roles young Nigerians played in the 2015 elections Happy International Youth Day 2015. Later this morning I will host a commemoration of the Day at the State House in Abuja. RT @NGRPresident: @POTUS I can wager that years ahead will be more rewarding for your family, country &amp; humanity. Happy birthday, Barack. -… RT @NGRPresident: Happy birthday, @POTUS. I wish you more great years ahead in health, strength, and service to humanity. - @MBuhari My article in @washingtonpost on fighting corruption and terror published just before meeting @barackobama http://t.co/LY6GlBHGrm RT @NGRPresident: At the meeting @MBuhari had with the 36 state Governors earlier today. http://t.co/5gi90goh2g RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari is currently meeting Governors from all the states in Abuja. RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari resumed duty @AsoRock this morning. http://t.co/0ZGxVF0yxv RT @FemAdesina: President Muhammadu Buhari moves into Aso Villa. To pass first nignt there today. RT @NGRPresident: 2. @MBuhari leaving Katsina state for Abuja few hours ago. http://t.co/L1tZ95yPcX RT @NGRPresident: 1. @MBuhari with his son, Yusuf, at his Farm in Daura earlier today. He is back in Abuja. http://t.co/QxAglPoldc RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari has been titled 'Bayajidda II of the Daura emirate' by the Emir, Umar Farouk of Daura, Katsina state. http://t.… RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari visited the Emir of Daura after Jumaat Prayers today. http://t.co/65o5d3q5fO RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari departed Kaduna today and is currently in Katsina state. http://t.co/w5iKtAgano Our resolve and capacity to end terrorism is much greater than the threat we face. Nigeria will prevail. - MB Our efforts to strengthen security cooperation with our neighbours and adjust our own response to Boko Haram will yield results very soon I mourn every single death of a Nigerian as a result of terrorism. That is why security is my number one priority. - MB RT @NGRPresident: Read @MBuhari's statement at the opening session of the 25th #AUSummit here:
http://t.co/EdIvJcpMc2 RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari met with the Nigerian Community at the Nigeria Consulate, Johannesburg, South Africa today. http://t.co/oi1nfi4… RT @NGRPresident: The Nigeria Immigration Center in South Africa was commissioned by @MBuhari today. http://t.co/5ELKfDXVEs RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari at a meeting with the @SAPresident earlier today. http://t.co/AHJsaEepG8 RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari at the #AUSummit dinner tonight. http://t.co/z187yl0adH RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari with Chief Olusegun Obasanjo and General Abdulsalam Abubakar at the 25th #AUSummit in South Africa. http://t.co… RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari is the chairperson of the Peace &amp; Security Council meeting at the 25th #AUSummit, South Africa. http://t.co/9ED… RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari has arrived South Africa for the #AUSummit. The summit will end on Tuesday, 16th June. http://t.co/0lYAx0Vc5v RT @NGRPresident: Statehouse Press Release: President @MBuhari heads to South Africa for the AU Summit.
http://t.co/wPkv1sqey4 RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari will be in South Africa today for the #AUSummit http://t.co/tt3HwgSspQ RT @NGRPresident: The events of June 12, 1993, laid the foundation for the democracy we enjoy today. May we never forget those who made sac… RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari, @ABuhari, and Mrs Dolapo Osinbajo met with some of the mothers of the #ChibokGirls today. http://t.co/tYmjoYNZ… RT @NGRPresident: The President of Niger Republic, Mahamadou Issoufou is in #Nigeria for the Lake Chad Basin Commission meeting today. http… RT @NGRPresident: 6. "...of bringing enduring positive change to the lives of Nigerians." - @MBuhari RT @NGRPresident: 5. "I call on all the elected representatives of the people to focus on the enormous task..." - @MBuhari RT @NGRPresident: 4. "The stability of our constitutional order and overall interest of the common man are uppermost on my mind." - @MBuhari RT @NGRPresident: 3. "I am willing to work with whoever the lawmakers elected." - @MBuhari RT @NGRPresident: 2. "Although I would have preferred the new leaders to have emerged through the process established by the party..." - @M… RT @NGRPresident: 1. "I did not have any preferred candidate for the Senate and the House of Representatives." - @MBuhari RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari returned to Nigeria from the G7 Summit in Germany very early this morning. http://t.co/IzPayklBDO RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari in a group photo with other World Leaders at the G7 summit. http://t.co/zT8JNRmrvW RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari arriving for the Working session of the G7 outreach program at Schloss Elmau. http://t.co/tuRlEAIlPQ RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari to present Nigeria's "wish list" at the G7 Summit in Germany.
http://t.co/ahuy07bY5g RT @NGRPresident: UN Secretary General Mr. Ban Ki Moon, @MBuhari &amp; Foreign Minister of Germany, FW Steinmeier at the cocktail reception htt… RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari at the reception hosted by the Minister-President of the State of Bavaria,  Mr Horst Seehofer. http://t.co/DB9z… RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari was warmly received in Munich, Germany. He proceeds for the G7 Summit soon. http://t.co/hseHLGu35E RT @NGRPresident: .@tundefashola and Gov. Kashim Shettima have accompanied @Mbuhari to Germany, for the G7 Summit starting today. http://t.… RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari departing Abuja for the G7 Summit in Bavaria, Germany, earlier today. http://t.co/DqQX4lhv3u RT @NGRPresident: "No need for FOI, I will declare my assets." - @MBuhari 
http://t.co/ZOEkC3wyO2 RT @GbengaGOLD: Wondering what our president and his vice were up to in their first week at the job? See image http://t.co/5W3OVQvMxl RT @NGRPresident: More images from @MBuhari's visit to the Republic of Chad today. He's been warmly hosted by President Idriss Déby. http:/… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari left Niger Republic today and is currently meeting President Idriss Déby of the Republic of Chad. http… RT @NGRPresident: "We will not tolerate or condone impunity and reckless disregard for human rights." - @MBuhari RT @NGRPresident: "Respect for human rights and adherence to the rule of law are the life and soul of the democratic system." - @MBuhari RT @NGRPresident: "This administration will leave no stone unturned to promote the rule of law, and deal with all cases of human rights abu… RT @NGRPresident: Responding to the Amnesty International report, @MBuhari said: "I assure you that your report will be looked into." RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari has acknowledged receipt of the Amnesty International report on Nigeria titled "Nigeria: Stories of horror in t… RT @NGRPresident: 3. http://t.co/QNprm9cSQs RT @NGRPresident: 2. http://t.co/xArFKFAh5D RT @NGRPresident: More pictures of @MBuhari's visit to Niger Republic today. http://t.co/AU6PFhpXLw RT @NGRPresident: .@MBuhari is currently in Niger Republic and has just concluded a meeting with President Issoufou Mahamadou. http://t.co/… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari had a meeting with Service Chiefs at the Defence House, Abuja this morning. http://t.co/bsQ8CRGWYB RT @NGRPresident: Former President of Kosovo, Mr. Behgjet Pakolli, paid a courtesy visit to President @MBuhari earlier today. http://t.co/W… RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari has also appointed Mallam Lawal Abdullahi Kazaure as the State Chief of Protocol (SCOP). RT @NGRPresident: Mallam Garba Shehu will serve as the new Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity. RT @NGRPresident: Mr Femi Adesina will serve as President @MBuhari's Special Adviser on Media and Publicity. RT @NGRPresident: President @MBuhari has named Mr Femi Adesina and Mallam Garba Shehu as his spokesmen. RT @NGRPresident: Full Text of Muhammadu Buhari, @MBuhari's, Inaugural Speech:
http://t.co/gQlHmxT4j1

#DemocracyDay #NewNigeria You can now follow the Office of the President on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram @NGRPresident #NewNigeria We cannot claim to have defeated Boko Haram without rescuing the #ChibokGirls and all other innocent persons held hostage. #NewNigeria I thank those who passionately carried the campaign on social media. I belong to everybody. I belong to nobody #NewNigeria RT @GMBOffice: LIVE on #Periscope: The armed forces parade still ongoing. #ChangeIsHere https://t.co/564C8lxRoh Fellow citizens of Nigeria, it is official - we have our president. #MuhammaduBuhari #NewNigeria RT @GMBOffice: Follow @GMBOffice on #Periscope to watch the inauguration live tomorrow. #ChangeIsHere http://t.co/pBBj2t1lYb Tomorrow, Nigerians usher in a new era of change! Join the inauguration as we @periscopeco the event live on @GMBOffice #NewNigeria RT @GMBOffice: http://t.co/a6oWMe6b5n RT @GMBOffice: More pictures of @MBuhari arriving Nigeria this morning from the UK. http://t.co/5B5Q85LhqP RT @GMBOffice: .@MBuhari arriving Nigeria, from the UK, 5:20am today via the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport. http://t.co/zWZ1w9KtCz RT @GMBOffice: It is a #NewDawn. The @MBuhari administration will work hard to ensure a secure nation for the Children #ChildrensDay http:/… RT @GMBOffice: Our children are our future - @ABuhari 
http://t.co/tgKZBPq2cI RT @GMBOffice: 2. ...of transparency and accountability, of rule of law, of good governance and of shared prosperity. - @MBuhari (ChathamHo… RT @GMBOffice: 1. It is important that democracy should deliver on the promise of choice, of freedoms, of security of lives and property,... RT @GMBOffice: To commence activities towards the inauguration, @atiku represented @MBuhari at a special Jumu'at service today. http://t.co… RT @GMBOffice: .@MBuhari visited his Farm in Daura accompanied by Governor of Ogun state, @Govsia &amp; Abbah Kyari this morning. http://t.co/Z… RT @GMBOffice: The Buhari Organization, Kano state also paid a courtesy visit to @MBuhari today in Katsina. http://t.co/Sso45N3XmF RT @GMBOffice: Jolly good fellows. @MBuhari received some of his old classmates; the 1953 intakes of Katsina Middle School today. http://t.… RT @GMBOffice: .@MBuhari visited the Emir of Katsina, Alh Abdulmumini Kabiru Usman CFR, as soon as he arrived Katsina earlier today. http:/… RT @GMBOffice: So much joy as @MBuhari arrived his hometown in Daura, Katsina this morning. http://t.co/AwIuoF9klM RT @GMBOffice: Members of the National Council of Women Societies, Kaduna branch, visited @MBuhari today in Abuja. http://t.co/oLxlS98rLa RT @GMBOffice: The official portrait of @MBuhari http://t.co/3dM18VjxRU RT @GMBOffice: The Kaduna State Council of Chiefs led by HRH, the Emir of Zazzau, Alh Shehu Idris visited @MBuhari in Abuja today. http://t… RT @GMBOffice: .@MBuhari and @ProfOsinbajo at the wedding ceremony of Governor Adams Oshiomole and Lara Forte today. http://t.co/oSLjeQiVYe RT @GMBOffice: .@MBuhari receiving former UK Prime Minister, Tony Blair at the Defence House in Abuja this morning. http://t.co/XEexgL8t8h RT @GMBOffice: .@MBuhari also received the Emir of Fika, H.R.H. (Dr) Muhammadu Abali Ibu Idris in Abuja yesterday. http://t.co/mWpj8T1rST RT @GMBOffice: 15. Netherlands Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr.John C.M Groffen. http://t.co/nmAxLRPCnb RT @GMBOffice: 11. Jong Yong Chol (Korea)
12. Shafik Daiyob (Syria)
13. Abdulaziz Alsharsah (Kuwait)
14. TOM AMOLO (Kenya) http://t.co/O691… RT @GMBOffice: 8. MASAYA OTSUKA (Japan)
9. Wassin Ibrahim (Lebanon)
10. Alh Khalil Mhesisin Alshammry (Iraq) http://t.co/Ag2fLMkkN9 RT @GMBOffice: 5. Belkacem Smaili (Algeria)
6. A.R. Ghanashyam (India)
7. Abdulaziz bin Mubarak Al-Muhannadi (Qatar) http://t.co/N9XhCMFUxc RT @GMBOffice: The Ambassadors:
1. Svante Kilander (Sweden)
2. Suomela-Chowdhury (Finland)
3. Jovan Maric (Serbia)
4. Denmark Amb. http://t… RT @GMBOffice: Today was quite busy for @MBuhari. He received 15 Ambassadors who came to deliver goodwill messages from their respective co… RT @GMBOffice: The President of Chad Republic visited @MBuhari in Abuja earlier today. http://t.co/PDMfMCnISw RT @GMBOffice: Leaders of the Northern Elders Forum made a courtesy visit to @MBuhari earlier today. http://t.co/wWPjnv5Cb1 RT @GMBOffice: Jubilation and joy as @MBuhari attended Jumaat prayers at Mambila Mosque earlier this afternoon. http://t.co/ZpXxK33Y7U RT @GMBOffice: .@MBuhari's convoy arriving the Defence House, Abuja this morning ahead of a series of meetings. http://t.co/HOaYd1tx0k RT @GMBOffice: Taraba APC Governorship Candidate and delegates visited @MBuhari in Abuja today. http://t.co/LzrvtSn9Un RT @iDOVA: An evening with the President-elect, Gen. Muhammadu Buhari. http://t.co/kiS2UAkya4 RT @DebolaLagos: #JourneyToAsorock @MBuhari enjoys an engaging afternoon with young leaders in Abuja @dawisu @mfonekpo @simiskeez http://t.… RT @omojuwa: I very much appreciate the subtle threats - watch GMB respond to my message to him (on your behalf) http://t.co/z90OAToU3s RT @GMBVolunteers: .@Omojuwa &amp; other young people met with the @MBuhari today, and delivered a 'subtle threat' on behalf of Nigerians. http… I thank you for believing in, and working for, this vision. Together, we will build a Nigeria we can be proud of once again. - GMB I was excited to meet with young leaders today including @speaklagos @slimprofile @debolalagos, @idova and others. - GMB RT @GMBOffice: The Group Managing Director of Mutual Benefit Assurance, Mr Akin Ogunbiyi visited @MBuhari today. http://t.co/hBzXRXqTTC RT @GMBOffice: .@MBuhari receiving the Ambassador of Niger Republic Mansour Maman Hadj Daddo (R) &amp; Mr. Shehu Amadou today. http://t.co/9pde… RT @GMBOffice: Happy Workers Day. | Read @MBuhari's salutation to workers on #MayDay. http://t.co/e3BJQhjg7Y.
#LabourDay RT @GMBOffice: .@MBuhari meeting with Members of the 8th National Assembly at the International Conference Centre, Abuja today. http://t.co… RT @GMBOffice: .@MBuhari receiving the High Commissioner to the United Republic of Tanzania, H. E. Daniel Ole Njoolay in Abuja today http:/… RT @GMBOffice: .@MBuhari addressing members of the Save Nigeria Buhari Group who visited him in Abuja today. http://t.co/tKbJb1qzmk News of the rescue of captured girls fills me with great delight. Many more remain to be set free. Our troops must not relent - GMB RT @GMBOffice: .@MBuhari receiving the French Ambassador, H. E. Mr Gauer Denys and his deputy, Mr Wills Terence in Abuja today. http://t.co… RT @GMBOffice: .@MBuhari receiving the Ambassador of Saharawi Republic in Abuja this afternoon. #Countdown2Change http://t.co/o4suqATnMK RT @GMBOffice: The incoming administration will not discriminate against any media organisation. We are focused on delivering #ANewNigeria. RT @GMBOffice: .@MBuhari received the Ambassadors of Cuba &amp; Switzerland today. He also met the MD of Total E&amp;P, and CEO, Orient oil http://… Muhammadu Buhari: We Will Stop Boko Haram via @nytopinion http://t.co/4p4pQF2iuq RT @GMBOffice: President-Elect, @MBuhari celebrated by @TIME as one of the 100 Most Influential People in the World http://t.co/nM2OsA9O95 GMB's statement on the first anniversary of the kidnap by Boko Haram of 276 schoolgirls from Chibok http://t.co/RfvZCMqTIO Congratulations to all successful governorship candidates. I look forward to working with you. There is much to be done.- GMB GMB after casting his vote at Daura today #NigeriaDecides http://t.co/2KatabIouu RT @GMBOffice: "Let us be beacons of faith, hope and love as we embark on the task of making NGR great..."
GMB's Easter Message - http://t.… 5/ I want to assure the Kenyan President, Uhuru Kenyatta, and all Kenyans of Nigeria's support and prayers now and in the future - GMB 4/ ...scourge all across Africa and the world, and we must confront them together, using all the tools at our disposal. 3/ There are those among us who will always find an excuse - religion, tribe, and others - to take innocent lives. These terrorists are a... 2/ and to all the people of Kenya at this sorrowful time. 1/ I wish to extend my condolences to the families of those who lost loved ones in the attack on Garissa University, - GMB RT @GMBOffice: Please read the full text of the Acceptance Speech from President-Elect, Muhammadu Buhari: http://t.co/vYI3XocGcm RT @StateCraftInc: Thank you #Nigeria #NigeriaHasDecided http://t.co/DoMMYPeB3B RT @StateCraftInc: Thank you #Nigeria #NigeriaHasDecided http://t.co/uxp8VC1YpS RT @StateCraftInc: Thank you #Nigeria #NigeriaHasDecided http://t.co/raKxb9XSaC RT @StateCraftInc: Thank you #Nigeria #NigeriaHasDecided http://t.co/wKJvGa8a8h RT @StateCraftInc: Thank you #Nigeria #NigeriaHasDecided http://t.co/K9HNPEXj1W RT @StateCraftInc: Thank you #Nigeria #NigeriaHasDecided http://t.co/iETDsj3ZZ8 21/ God bless you and God bless the Federal Republic of Nigeria. - GMB 20/ We thank you once again for your support and we look forward to a great future together. 19/ ...we shall listen to everyone. 18/ We need you to support us and we also need you to admonish us when we make missteps. This shall be a government for all Nigerians and... 17/ ...building the Nigeria of our dreams cannot be done by us alone. We need you too. 16/ We shall also run a country that will listen to you, engage with you and take corrections from you. This is because the task of... 15/ This government is your government and every decision we shall take shall be to give you a positive future. 14/ I promise you that the APC government led by me will deliver these to you. We will ensure that we meet and exceed your aspirations. 13/ ...the environment for your business to thrive. 12/ ...that is safe and peaceful, a country that is without corruption, a country that produces jobs for you, a country that gives you... 11/ You have chosen to vote for change and we promise you that we will not be disappointed. We know that your hopes are high: a country... 10/ ...Nigerian. You have chosen to vote for a departure from a nation that was decaying, that did not give you hope and pride. 9/ You have chosen to vote for a Nigeria that sees you as not a Northerner or a Southerner, not as a Christian or a Muslim but as a... 8/ This is your victory. 7/ ...that comes with youthfulness to bear on the outcome. 6/ ...to work for the campaign, contributed your money and your time, volunteered in your areas and brought the innovation and energy... 5/ I want to thank young Nigerians especially for this victory. You have been with us from the very beginning. Many of you left your jobs... 4/ ...it can be that we went across the length and breadth of Nigeria and sacrificed so much for this victory. 3/ ...of building the Nigeria of our dreams is not to be taken for granted. It is out of our love for this country and the belief in what... 2/ the walk to true change has started. We have toiled, sweated and worked hard for this victory. We refused to give up because the work... 1/ Today, more than 54 years after we got our independence and 16 years since our return to democracy, - GMB ...Baba! http://t.co/kyQotEkOcX RT @StateCraftInc: Ladies and gentlemen, we present to you, the next First Lady if the Federal Republic of Nigeria - @IamAishaBuhari! #Nige… [Pause] Wait for it.... Wait for it... Sai... RT @BayoOmoboriowo: I have been photographing him for   Months but the busy schedule never gave him time to take a look… https://t.co/QilSt… RT @YNaija2015: New post: Exclusive: Here comes the official photo album of the Buhari campaign http://t.co/i6aQ8jg9f7 Fellow Nigerians, I urge you to exercise patience and vigilance as we wait for all results to be announced RT @DebolaLagos: #NigeraDecides Late last night, crunching numbers for @ThisIsBuhari and watching this: https://t.co/IvGwZNsSwG #Daura http… A step towards the journey begins. http://t.co/bO4E4MCI69 RT @GMBOffice: You can watch a video of GMB delivering his final message here: https://t.co/05gwq6GG8Q you and your children to be proud of this country once again.

God bless you, and God bless Nigeria – GMB 50/ On the 28th of March and the 11th of April, use your PVC to get the desired change that will enable 49/ who received us with warmth everywhere we campaigned. 48/ I would like to thank everyone who has been on this journey with us, and thank Nigerians 47/ ...to get married in Auchi. 46/ This is about building a nation where your child can truly be great, whether he is born in Abakaliki, or in school in Akure, or about... 45/ ...passport will not be insulted whenever you leave our country. 44/ This is about creating a country that is serious about compete g in the global economy. This is about creating a country whose... 43/ ...creating an economy that creates wealth for everyone. 42/ ...out, so that government officials stop giving entrepreneurs and creative people handouts, but actually do the hard work of... 41/ ...compete in the world, this is about building a country where corruption and waste, and stealing and irresponsibility can be wiped... 40/ ...can be safe, this is about this is about creating a nation where children can go to schools where they actually learn and can... 39/ The reason we are doing this is clear. This is about creating a Nigeria where you and your father and your mother and your children... 38/ So, today, let me make you a promise that will not be broken. 37/ ...continue to lie, we shall continue to reinforce the truth. 36/ ...otherwise, I challenge them to present it. Many lies have been circulated about my person but like I always say, while they... 35/ I have served Nigeria will everything I have, without taking anything that I did not earn. If anyone has evidence that proves... 34/ ...leads you and how they lead you. 33/ Even in voting for me, you will be sending me a clear message, that if I don’t fulfil my promises, you have the power to decide who... 32/ ...be taken for granted, this is the time to show the present crop that if they fail, they will be punished. 31/ ...the madness, this is the time to tell your leaders that they need to be afraid of you, this is the time to show that you won’t... 30/ ...overnight. But if we want a country you can be proud of in the next eight years, in the next decade, then this is the time to stop... 29/ Let me be frank, Nigeria is not going to change overnight. The damage that the PDP has wrought on this country is not going to change... 28/ change for the better. 27/ I believe that with effective and transparent leadership, the eradication of corruption and respect for the rule of law, things can 26/ ...experienced directly. Still, nothing can erode my optimism about our country Nigeria. I believe this country can be great again. 25/ ...insecurity threatens the lives and wellbeing of every single person within our borders—a situation that I myself have... 24/ ...commitment and cooperation. Our country is at an all-time low. Poverty and unemployment have reached unprecedented high, and... 23/ I talk about a partnership because to surmount the grave issues Nigeria will have to contend with, leading will require your... 22/ ...a converted democrat who has submitted to and will continue to submit himself to a true democratic process. 21/ As I said at Chatham House, being the leader at the time, I take responsibility for those mistakes and state again that before you is... 20/ ...proud of. My appeal to you is that you find it in your hearts to do the same. 19/ ...have been gracious enough to look beyond these mistakes and accept my offer of a partnership to build a new Nigeria we can all be... 18/ ...but I assure you that I feel the pain of everyone who experienced undue hardship. Others like Lola Shoneyin and Tunde Thompson... 17/ nd external. My time as Head of State, was not perfect; mistakes were made. Some of you may not support me because of those mistakes... 16/ In the course of this service, I have overseen the building of refineries and protected Nigeria from aggressors, both internal a 15/ I have dedicated my life to the service and continued existence of this one Nigeria, both as a military officer and a civilian. 14/ we all, both home and abroad, hope and pray achieves its full potential. 13/ There is only one Nigeria, a country where citizens continue to forge ahead despite the challenges we face; a country that 12/ My experience has confirmed that there is no Muslim Nigeria or Christian Nigeria, no Northern Nigeria or Southern Nigeria. 11/ ...of. 10/ ...secure living environment, better economic opportunities, and a more accountable government, they want a country they can be proud... 9/ ...to Kano, Ondo to Benue, and everywhere in between, Nigerians are tired of the status quo. Without exception, they want a more... 8/ This campaign has been about them, and millions of others who have been let down by their government. From Enugu to Edo, Cross Rivers... 7/ The welder from Ibadan who struggles under the weight of poor power supply. 6/ The fisherman in Bayelsa who lost his livelihood because of the polluted Ogboinbiri River. 5/ The young men and women at our campaign rallies who run after our motorcade, screaming ‘Change’. 4/ There was little girl who donated her savings because she believes in our campaign. 3/ ...expectations the citizens of Nigeria hold for the future. 2/ My interactions with Nigerians from all over the country over the last few months have left me with an overwhelming sense of the... 1/ Dear friends, as the presidential campaign draws to a close, let us talk – Nigerian to Nigerian - GMB #NigeriaDecides: #iWillVoteAPC &amp; #GMB15 for positive change in #Nigeria. Read why you should too: http://t.co/E3pPhyghxN RT @GMBOffice: GMB would begin his final pre-election press conference in a few minutes. #GMB15 http://t.co/E6Kw22dw68 RT @ActNowng: In doubt? Need clear answers?
#ChooseGMB http://t.co/gg9X80ecse RT @ActNowng: The best time to have acted on this was decades ago, the second best time is now. David Brin. http://t.co/JkAhCrhvu1 RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 26
2 days until #NigeriaDecides
RT to show your support for Team #GMB15
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http://t… RT @APCforChange: Good mooorning friends. Our bodies may be weary but our desire to bring change to #Nigeria grows stronger each day. Good … RT @GMBVolunteers: Less than 1 hour to kick off #TellYourNeighbour. From anywhere you are. #GMB15 http://t.co/AkmYDJbJPN RT @GMBVolunteers: Tomorrow, at 10am. From wherever you are: #TellYourNeighbour. Tag us in your pictures. http://t.co/ETKFmVvH1V RT @GMBOffice: WATCH: #BeforeYouCastYourVote - Bring Back Our Pride. http://t.co/sgVtR8VOly via @youtube
#TellYourNeighbour RT @GMBOffice: #BeforeYouCastYourVote: Serious Issues to Consider: https://t.co/MrZSYSvGOz #TellYourNeighbour RT @GMBVolunteers: Tomorrow, from anywhere you are. 10am. With Your friends, Your family. #TellYourNeighbour #GMB15 http://t.co/fe5ohtIDFf RT @GMBVolunteers: #TellYourNeighbour http://t.co/87tJw1Vm6I RT @GMBVolunteers: #TellYourNeighbour simultaneous nationwide campaign for #Change. Tomorrow. cc @aligthebaptist @ogundamisi @sapiosanct ht… RT @GMBVolunteers: #TellYourNeighbour: a simultaneous nationwide campaign for #Change. Tomorrow. @omojuwa @Ayourb @eggheader @GbengaGOLD ht… RT @GMBVolunteers: Muhammadu Buhari has a message for you: http://t.co/hUbkeFPJhX #TellYourNeighbour RT @ActNowng: We are live at the Bola Tinubu Colloquium in honour of the Jagaban's birthday. http://t.co/uyk4iiahm0 RT @ActNowng: Still in an ocean of indecision, here is why you should #ChooseGMB
@omojuwa http://t.co/chLQGTSTu6 RT @ActNowng: This man. #ChooseGMB http://t.co/nqnyJvTXF5 RT @ActNowng: A man with clear vision and purpose of mind.
Nigeria's fate is not for sale.
#ChooseGMB http://t.co/8Rk7YvJqFT RT @ActNowng: Good leadership recognises differences, works with it and turns it into assets. http://t.co/lH8d7cxlmQ RT @ActNowng: Never in the history of our country, have we been fractured along ethnic and religious lines as we have now. http://t.co/67c6… RT @ActNowng: An artist uses many colours to create a masterpiece, a child takes the same colours and makes a mess. http://t.co/YnBs2GQXCl RT @ActNowng: The best time to have acted on this was decades ago, the second best time is NOW. David Brin. http://t.co/tkoSYAtFI0 RT @BelieveBuhari: Retweet if you will be the change agent on March 28th. #BelieveBuhari http://t.co/NiHxifCS7D RT @APCforChange: Esther sang the National Anthem. Thanked by @AsiwajuTinubu http://t.co/bWdhNMcrhM RT @APCforChange: Hello Lagos! @ProfOsinbajo heads straight to the 7th Annual Colloquium in celebration of @AsiwajuTinubu's birthday http:/… RT @APCforChange: Ikare Akoko youth chanted "he must come down", so @ProfOsinbajo walked with them; walked through the market too http://t.… RT @APCforChange: In Ikare Akoko, the lady in orange (on Okada) couldn't believe her eyes were truly seeing @ProfOsinbajo! http://t.co/yF7i… RT @APCforChange: The folk of Ikare Akoko, Ondo State, the home of @Ogundamisi, came out for @ProfOsinbajo yesterday. http://t.co/1h6dCgd5Fy RT @APCforChange: At APC Secretariat in Akoko North West, Ondo State, @ProfOsinbajo welcomed decampees from the main opposition party. http… RT @APCforChange: Tuesday: Oke Agbe - Akoko North where @ProfOsinbajo formally opened the APC Secretariat in Akoko North LG, Ondo State htt… RT @APCforChange: On Mon, @ProfOsinbajo started at Adaba Radio, Ondo State then Ado-Ekiti &amp; Omuo-Ekiti. We slept in Okeagbe, Ondo State htt… RT @APCforChange: We've been on the road with @ProfOsinbajo as he tours Ekiti &amp; Ondo. Last night, we arrived in Igbokoda, Ilaje at 9:30 htt… RT @APCforChange: 3 days until #NigeriaDecides
#TellYourNeighbour #iWillVoteAPC for positive change in #Nigeria.
#SocialMedia http://t.co/c… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 25:
3 days to #Nigeria's Presidential Election; 17 days to Gubernatorial.
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http:/… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 25
3 days until #NigeriaDecides
345 days since our #ChibokGirls were taken!
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http… RT @GMBOffice: Muhammadu Buhari has a message for you: https://t.co/v0hbGivISh #TellYourNeighbour RT @GMBVolunteers: #Change wins it! #TellYourNeighbour #ThingsWILLChange #GMB15 http://t.co/zUhoFKyQ6L RT @ActNowng: Some have spent billions for you to forget the inadequacies of the last 6 years. GMB says Nig's fate is not for sale. http://… RT @GMBVolunteers: What everyday people are saying about Jonathan:
http://t.co/zjJ2N5DzuQ
#TellYourNeighbour #JonaMustGo #BeforeYouCastYourVote: Serious Issues to Consider: https://t.co/LBluruR1QU #BeforeYouCastYourVote: Vote To Bring Back Our Pride: https://t.co/mkgoTAmBSd #BeforeYouCastYourVote: A Message From General Muhammadu Buhari: http://t.co/tADUG1Khlk. RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail thank you Bauchi! We felt the love for @ThisIsBuhari.  Goodnight! #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/yPsFuD3SBE RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail They line by the bus, some trying to peek in, climb in or sit in :) #TellYourNeighbour #Bauchi4GMB http://t… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail done but the crowd won't let @ThisIsBuhari go. It's standstill . #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/fDbDzwyHWM RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Jobs, Economy, Power. #Change. Insists voting must be peaceful @ThisIsBuhari #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/mD9ZWt… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari reiterates his Convenant with Nigerians. Highlights Security, Corruption #Bauchi4GMB 1/2 http… RT @lolashoneyin: Governor of Yobe State, Ibrahim Gaidam addresses the people at the NE zonal rally at sunset in Bauchi State. http://t.co/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #TellYourNeighbour @ThisIsBuhari is having a pleasant evening in Bauchi #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/YCYHVVJu3L RT @penndpaper: Even Buhari cannot stop us from voting BUHARI! It's no more about 1 person it's become a movement!#TellYourNeighbour http:/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Gov. Ibrahim Gaida who is also the candidate for a second term receives his flag. #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/e… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @atiku speaks of @ThisIsBuhari in glowing words. The crowd is ecstatic #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/hIxYKsN3dA RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #TellYourNeighbour @ThisIsBuhari receives massive love in Bauchi #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/00gR7VYh2E RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail the IBBSquare is filled to the brim for @ThisIsBuhari. Chants of #Change! Fill the air #Bauchi4GMB http://t… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail This is the crowd that has waited patiently for @ThisIsBuhari all day #Bauchi4GMB #Change http://t.co/Tyue2… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #TellYourNeighbour looks like we are finally in the venue. #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/51gy4xkH9A RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail jumpin on the bus, screaming @ the top #BabaOyoyo #Change #SaiBuhari @ThisIsBuhari is here #Bauchi4GMB http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #TellYourNeighbour this love for @ThisIsBuhari is mind blowing. The crowd only gets more #Bauchi4GMB http:/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #TellYourNeighbour it's been almost two hours and @ThisIsBuhari still standing, greeting supporters http://… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail wondering why we are not at the venue? #TellYourNeighbour this is the crowd we are dealing #Bauchi4GMB http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #TellYourNeighbour they are screaming change from the aeroplane @ThisIsBuhari #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/adbxL… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail she rejoices for @ThisIsBuhari, He Dances for him, he screams for him #RockstarAlert #Bauchi4GMB http://t.c… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail it's a total lock jam for @ThisIsBuhari to get through the crowd. Chants of #Change! #Bauchi4GMB http://t.c… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail as we get closer to the venue the energy levels go higher #TellYourNeighbour @ThisIsBuhari is here http://t… RT @GMBVolunteers: 4 UNCOMMON REASONS TO VOTE BUHARI. by Tokunbo Akintola
http://t.co/2mKX6SHAf7 #TellYourNeighbour RT @Adelat86: They call it Africa's largest economy, yet its citizens remain in abject poverty. #TellYourNeighbour to vote out Jonathan RT @Nullisecondus: #TellYourNeighbour just like I did, that we need a #change Of the present administration, we've experience enough of the… RT @GMBVolunteers: #TellYourNeighbour @omojuwa @Ayourb @eggheader @GbengaGOLD @lolashoneyin @amasonic @DebolaLagos @rosanwo @ogundamisi htt… RT @lolashoneyin: I love that the women have come out to welcome @ThisIsBuhari to Bauchi. Look at the smiles on their faces! Golden. http:/… RT @lolashoneyin: Bauchi is full of love for @ThisIsBuhari! http://t.co/EikBVYiPZx RT @lolashoneyin: OMG! Bauchi welcome is unbelievable! Pic 3. Yes, those are people! http://t.co/4ExpfpLKwt RT @lolashoneyin: #TellYourNeighbour @ThisIsBuhari and the presidential campaign team are heading to Bauchi now! http://t.co/VAfSjLI2Hc RT @lolashoneyin: Even on the outskirts, in the villages, it's Sai Buhari all the way! http://t.co/ehVZ73XRy3 RT @lolashoneyin: Landed in Gombe State. APC guber candidate flanked by fmr Gov and Sen aspirant. http://t.co/YIHn8iBDeH RT @lolashoneyin: After a meeting with the delegation from EU obsvrs, IRI and NDI, we do some media stuff and start heading to Bauchi. http… RT @lolashoneyin: Gov Rochas Okorochas of Imo State 'introducing' Mohammadu Okechukwu Buhari. http://t.co/SOn8Q72icQ RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail it's the sheer joy @ the sight of @thisisbuhari that gets me #TellYourNeighbour #GodWin #Bauchi4GMB http://… RT @StateCraftInc: It's time to restore dignity to Aso Rock. #WeHave3Days #ChangeIsAlmostHere https://t.co/PqSHUW4Zto RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #TellYourNeighbour once @ThisIsBuhari shows up, everyone go ballistic. Even policemen #Bauchi4GMB http://t.… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #TellYourNeighbour Sai Baba! Sai Buhari! Like these men are chanting to @ThisIsBuhari #Bauchi4GMB http://t.… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #TellYourNeighbour even the #Policemen are excited to see @ThisIsBuhari #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/APvE9ZCHFc RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #TellYourNeighbour the crusade has begun, come one, come all.#Change is here @ThisIsBuhari #Bauchi4GMB http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail now enroute rally grounds where @atiku is waiting to receive us &amp; @thisisbuhari #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/Aup… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail out of the airport they continue to line the streets for @thisisbuhari #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/20n1hKyxRN RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #TellYourNeighbour we are done in Gombe and now enroute #Bauchi with @ThisIsBuhari #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail in Owerri yesterday, @ThisIsBuhari only said the current dollar rate is unacceptable. #Owerri4GMB http://t.… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail the crowd at the airport to receive @ThisIsBuhari wonder what lies ahead. #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/KBkl4Z4wFh RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail still enroute destination from the airport we continue encounter @ThisIsBuhari supporters http://t.co/0IwOL… RT @XANTAPLUS: #TellYourNeighbour #TellYourNeighbour  
#TellYourFollower
#TellYourNeighbour 
#TellYourNeighbour     http://t.co/DJgyWPQa2w RT @XANTAPLUS: #TellYourNeighbour #TellYourNeighbour  
#TellYourFollower
#TellYourNeighbour 
#TellYourNeighbour  http://t.co/jfhYTEX2bz RT @XANTAPLUS: #TellYourNeighbour #TellYourNeighbour  
#TellYourFollower
#TellYourNeighbour 
#TellYourNeighbour    http://t.co/sj8lrry2Il RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail the supporters in their trademark light up as they see @ThisIsBuhari, screaming #change #Bauchi4GMB http://… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Bauchi ready @ThisIsBuhari is here! #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/RbkjuO1evc RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail this is the crowd hanging at the airport gates to get a glimpse of @ThisIsBuhari #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co/qB… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Asked if he is ready for #March28, @ThisIsBuhari says he has been ready since #Feb14 #GMB15 http://t.co/2I1… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail observers confirm meeting was open and they got honest answers from @ThisIsBuhari #GMB15 http://t.co/Ze9uuf… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari meets the @IRIglobal @EU_Commission @commonwealthsec @NDI this morning in Abuja #GMB15 http:/… RT @BelieveBuhari: I wish I can vote, but you can help me. Retweet if you will vote for @ThisIsBuhari &amp; @ProfOsinbajo . #BelieveBuhari http… RT @itz_faizan: #TellYourNeighbour that power belongs to the people not a party. #GMB15 RT @abumujahidm: They call it Africa's largest economy, yet its citizens remain in abject poverty. #TellYourNeighbour to vote out Jonathan RT @DebolaLagos: #TellYourNeighbour thousands of them from the left and from the right as we land for @ThisIsBuhari #Bauchi4GMB http://t.co… RT @StateCraftInc: Print Campaign Rollout: ThisDay Today #ChangeIsAlmostHere http://t.co/JETSKvoV5p RT @GMBVolunteers: #TellYourNeighbour that GMB is an idea. A representation of the #Change we need. #GMB15 http://t.co/VEwFslwrSm RT @GMBVolunteers: #TellYourNeighbour to keep calm, that rescue is on the way. #Change is coming. #GMB15 http://t.co/RxoWpv9ucX RT @GMBVolunteers: #TellYourNeighbour that power belongs to the people not a party. #GMB15 http://t.co/S4eBBmitxR RT @GMBVolunteers: #TellYourNeighbour @DebolaLagos @OoTheNigerian @gbengasesan @BabangidaRuma @emma_dele @DeleMomodu @Ediong @Yadomah http:… RT @Lil_Mss_Phoenix: #TellYourNeighbour Buhari is not just a man, Buhari is an idea, a representation of the change Nigerians are ready for… RT @GMBVolunteers: #TellYourNeighbour  We can and will all work together to build a better future #GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: #TellYourNeighbour Power already belongs to the people, not a party. #GMB15 RT @lolashoneyin: @ThisIsBuhari addressing the good people of Imo State in Owerri #SouthEast Zonal Rally. http://t.co/EdTmkEn1jk RT @lolashoneyin: The APC South East zonal rally. Fantastic crowd! Ready to vote on Saturday! http://t.co/q3DMtiLdjQ RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari always watching the time reminding the team of  several commitments to meet #Owerri4GMB http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Nigerians in diaspora(of Igbo origins) endorse @ThisIsBuhari #Owerri4GMB http://t.co/3rk3iLhjcF RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail on the trail #ChiefAuduOgbe Gov. #RotimiAmaechi #OlorogunOteagar #OsitaIzunaso #HadizaBala #Owerri4GMB http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail The Lion of the Niger Gov. #RotimjAmaechi unruffled, going easy, going strong. #Politics #RiversState http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail we will secure Nigeria and wipe out corruption which is the bane of Nigeria- @ThisIsBuhari #Owerri4GMB http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail unemployment continues to be on the rise and Nations wealth not shared equitably #Owerri4GMB 2/2 http://t.c… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari reminds the people about the level of insecurity, collapse of the Naira, 1/2 #Owerri4GMB http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @tundefashola Gov. #RotimiAmaechi #GenDambazau @GovernorRochas for @ThisIsBuhari #Owerri4GMB http://t.co/rz… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Owerri is live for @ThisIsBuhari #Owerri4GMB http://t.co/S3j8QPh9Xf RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari and Gov. #RotimiAmaechi take steps of #Change as we take on #Owerri4GMB http://t.co/2IzgL5cunQ RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari set to go #Owerrri4GMB http://t.co/FcCnPHOl1b RT @APCforChange: The people of Ondo State greeting @ProfOsinbajo as we head to town hall meeting in Eagle Hall, Ado-Ekiti, Ekiti State htt… RT @APCforChange: Babs Daramola &amp; Aladesanmi Oyekanmi of Adaba FM88.9 ask @ProfOsinbajo about Islamisation, stepping down as VP http://t.co… RT @APCforChange: .@ProfOsinbajo's first stop in Akure is a live Yoruba &amp; English radio chat on Adaba 88.9FM. Lines open: 08162519991 http:… RT @APCforChange: .@ProfOsinbajo has arrived in Akure. Welcomed by APC leaders in Ondo &amp; Ekiti State including Chief Awe, Sen. @Ojudu http:… RT @APCforChange: People identifying themselves as APC supporters, shouting 'Sai Buhari' and 'Change' as we drive through communities. http… RT @APCforChange: Today, we're on a road trip to Ondo &amp; Ekiti States today. Lagos - Ogun - Oyo - Osun... Next stop, Akure, Ondo State. http… RT @APCforChange: .@MoBrimah proudly says #iWillVoteAPC. You should too! Create your own poster or download here http://t.co/MGbUwB5WCb htt… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 23:
Where will you press your hand?
As for me, #iWillVoteAPC as #NigeriaDecides. RT if you will too! http:/… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 23:
5 days to #Nigeria's Presidential Election; 19 days to Gubernatorial.
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http:/… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 23
5 days until #NigeriaDecides
343 days since our #ChibokGirls were taken!
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http… RT @ActNowng: Why you should vote @ThisIsBuhari?
He has the experience to stamp out insurgents. http://t.co/H4pyeAVab0 RT @ActNowng: We will remain committed to providing facts. Facts that will persuade you to vote @ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/LmmkeKgxnt RT @ActNowng: This week we head to the polls to decide who will be the president of Nigeria.
#ActionForChange http://t.co/WgBXeAsf6S RT @GMBVolunteers: The last 4 years of economic drear must not return. We owe it to our future &amp; those of our younger ones. #GMB15 http://t… RT @BelieveBuhari: Retweet if you will Vote2Start Change in Nigeria. #BelieveBuhari http://t.co/hASEdt3jh1 RT @GMBVolunteers: It felt like it wouldn't come, but here we are. 6 days till we effect #Change. #ThingsWILLChange #GMB15 http://t.co/wOFV… RT @GMBOffice: The #APCTownHall is currently holding in Lafia and GMB is engaging people with disabilities. #GMB15 http://t.co/rDZpfVktCn RT @GMBOffice: Tomorrow is the last day for all individuals to collect PVCs. Please ensure you proceed to your assigned collection point to… RT @ActNowng: Let us take part in the #ActionForChange competition as we tell our hopes to the General with #BabaWhenYouGetThere http://t.c… RT @ActNowng: Dance for change, Sing for change, Speak to someone for change.
#ActionForChange http://t.co/LyV8cSlQ1m RT @ActNowng: As we prepare for the elections on Saturday, we are hoping we can have a little fun. #ActionForChange http://t.co/cksO2vcsxo RT @ActNowng: #ActionForChange http://t.co/lfK2GU2Y5i RT @ActNowng: The best time to have acted on this was decades ago, the second best time is NOW. http://t.co/faUNtVJwCD RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 22
6 days until #NigeriaDecides
342 days since our #ChibokGirls were taken!
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 22:
6 days to #Nigeria's Presidential Election; 20 days to Gubernatorial.
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http:/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail the vry pleasant Gov Almakura again was a pleasant &amp; efficient host for @ThisIsBuhari &amp;team #Lafia4GMB http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari is concise with the message of #Change; #Security #Power #Employment #EconomicSecurity http:/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail the crowd is pumped as @ThisIsBuhari mounts the stage. #Lafia4GMB http://t.co/sCLX8HCkFf RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail these kids said to @ThisIsBuhari "they are tired of waiting for the #change" #Lafia4GMB http://t.co/lNqJiY5… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail The women are out in full for @ThisIsBuhari led by #HajiaRamatAliyu @abikedabiri more #Lafia4GMB http://t.c… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @bukolasaraki shares the message of #Change before @ThisIsBuhari speaks #Lafia4GMB http://t.co/yeqpR4y26p RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail it's full house for @ThisIsBuhari in Nassarawa #Lafia4GMB http://t.co/cGLhnzsfBQ RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail the streets litter with love as @ThisIsBuhari #HajiaSaratu proceeds to the rally grounds #Lafia4GMB http://… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail he screams for #Change ;he waves for #Change; he speaks for #Change! One language #Lafia4GMB http://t.co/kn… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail they wave their brooms and cheer @ThisIsBuhari as he approaches the mic #Lafia4GMB http://t.co/jOCZGQ4OVM RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail see @ThisIsBuhari - Happy days are coming #Lafia4GMB http://t.co/BLLopJix9H RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail He asked to drive up and greet @ThisIsBuhari. Ability in disability.#Lafia4GMB http://t.co/vXsuQxJ9Zb RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail she smiles for @ThisIsBuhari May Nigeria's future be as colorful as her basket,full of joy  #Lafia4GMB http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail "Arise O'Compatriot on Nassarawa @ThisIsBuhari Gov.Almakura #HajiaRamatAliyu @hadisirika #Lafia4GMB http://… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail all set for @ThisIsBuhari in Nassarawa as he engages the "able" community #Lafia4GMB http://t.co/cFq2lJ0SbI RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari in Nassarawa today. #Lafia4GMB http://t.co/8wFKJhwem0 RT @GMBVolunteers: In 7 days We activate a secure NGR, &amp; the roadmap to a 1st World nation dt benefits us all. #ThingsWILLChange #GMB15 htt… RT @APCforChange: .@ProfOsinbajo's arrived in Ikenne; showing love and receiving love. http://t.co/MaNXoHDF3v RT @APCforChange: Here's @ProfOsinbajo's younger brother, former Attorney General, Ogun State greeting his kins men waiting for Prof. http:… RT @APCforChange: 240 degree view in Okene, Kogi. Speechless! @ProfOsinbajo with our leaders; Prince Audu, @bukolasaraki @dino_melaye http:… RT @APCforChange: Kogi leg began in Kabba, where @ProfOsinbajo was joined by former Kogi Gov., Prince Audu @BukolaSaraki &amp; @Dino_Melaye htt… RT @APCforChange: 7 days to go!
On #March4Buhari 28, 2015, #iWillVoteAPC for a New #Nigeria.
#SocialMedia #NigeriaDecides http://t.co/Txr0G… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 20
#APCpromise: Immigration - faster applications &amp; visas at point of entry.
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia htt… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 20
8 days until #NigeriaDecides
340 days since our #ChibokGirls were taken!
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 20:
8 days to #Nigeria's Presidential Election; 22 days to Gubernatorial.
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http:/… RT @GMBOffice: We call on everyone to protest with their vote. We do not condone any violence or destruction of private and/or public prope… RT @GMBOffice: We call on everyone to vote peacefully and democratically. We do not condone any violence or destruction of private and/or p… RT @GMBVolunteers: We see a great Nigeria ahead. We see a country we will be proud of. #ThingsWILLChange #GMB15 http://t.co/w4Tn9NtauI RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @lolashoneyin and @hadizabalausman fight over the egbon title @abikedabiri takes it 😄 #Lagos4GMB http://t.c… RT @lolashoneyin: It's a big crowd and the are very excited to see @ThisIsBuhari, BRF http://t.co/LE9XCOcnX4 RT @GMBOffice: GMB met with women, artisans and traders at the #APCTownHall in Lagos earlier today. He is meeting with the Agege community … RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail quick stop at #LagosHouse and now enroute #Agege with @ThisIsBuhari @tundefashola #Lagos4GMB http://t.co/Rs… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail making our way out of this with @ThisIsBuhari #Love #Lagos4GMB #Change http://t.co/0AYqYMeXls RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail all for @ThisIsBuhari #Lagos4GMB http://t.co/MSCsnoeCil RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @AsiwajuTinubu campaigns for common sense revolution #Lagos4GMB #Artisans4GMB http://t.co/3QrWwo9zox RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaognTrail @AsiwajuTinubu rousing the crowd #Artisans4GMB #Lagos4GMB http://t.co/zjy5HjCmsB RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Our govt is aware of the many challenges you face to earn a decent living- @ThisIsBuhari #Lagos4GMB http://… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Many of you spend at least 1,500 a day to 545,000 a year to fuel ur generator. This takes most of your prof… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Our Govt. Will secure the country and fix power which eats all your profit to enable your business- @ThisIs… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Barbers, mechanics, carpenters, many of you who enrich the economy and we need you- @CampaignAgainstChelsea… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Politics affords you to engage different people from different walks and today I am glad to me the Artisans… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail blissful ride on third mainland bridge as we head to the engagement with #Artisans and @ThisIsBuhari http:/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @BayoOmoboriowo never misses a moment of @ThisIsBuhari #Change #Lagos4GMB http://t.co/8fu5WhbOKF RT @DebolaLagos: #CameronMustGo Solidly with @ThisIsBuhari @sharon_ikeazor and @hadizabalausman #Pillars #Lagos4GMB http://t.co/07AZQHCLbH RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail done at the women's townhall we head to the #Artisans engagement with @ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/b7Ouh2j3pj RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari calm and composed as he takes questions from the women #Women4GMB http://t.co/9xnDBM310E RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail she is a local cab driver and has questions on Lastma for @AkinwunmiAmbode #Women4GMB #Lagos http://t.co/Iz… RT @DebolaLagos: #catfishmtv From education to violence, fashion to economy the women take on @ThisIsBuhari #Women4GMB #Lagos http://t.co/4… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail several questions from the women for @ThisIsBuhari #Women4GMB #Lagos http://t.co/yT2zzGnI7v RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari answers questions #Women4GMB #Lagos http://t.co/GXgHoVqbxV RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari speaks to the women. #Women4GMB http://t.co/3otjTRr8pf RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail it's all love for @ThisIsBuhari a few men spotted too #Women4GMB http://t.co/mP6O7uH6YO RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail the women are out for @ThisIsBuhari . Gov. #RotimiAmaechi welcomes! #Women4GMB http://t.co/pD1fInv8Ul RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @tundefashola always enjoys love from the women #Women4GMB http://t.co/XdCH3OqFhQ RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari 's townhall meeting with women holds tomorrow Thurs 19th March Harbourpoint VI by 10 am http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail If you're not corrupt, you won't tolerate corruption and those who dare you will have their fingers burnt @… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Even with the best military&amp;police in world, we can't guarantee security as long as 53% of our youth r unem… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Our TOTAL security concept will touch on improving the quality of lives, reducing inequalities across Niger… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @eggheader: Under my government, this(weakened military) will nvr be allowed to happen. @ThisIsBuhari http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Personally, I found it embarrassing that a band of thugs were better equipped and motivated than our troops… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail We shall ensure that all necessary security systems are always equipped &amp; ready to combat crime and insurge… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail this retired Colonel shed tears as he narrates how military retirees v been abandoned to @ThisIsBuhari http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail APC Govt. shall ensure we so not repeat the disgraceful security experience of the last couple of months @T… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Let me use this opport to thank Chad, Niger &amp; Cameroon in ongoing efforts to assist the Nigerian troops in … RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail We shall refocus our foreign affairs relationships in a concentric circle prioritizing our relationship wit… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail We will assess &amp;curb proliferation of small arms &amp;light weapons, trade in narcotics &amp;cross-boarder smugglin… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I intend to embark on a comprehensive Security Sector Reform, which will include &amp; be focused on all Nigeri… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Improving governance in all our public institutions will b a major component of my Security Sector Reforms-… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail i am committed to ensuring Nigs. security institutions &amp; agencies discharge their mandates conforming with … RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I believe that a bad &amp; corrupt Govt. is as much danger to Nat. security as Robbers, kidnappers &amp; terrorists… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I completely align myself w/ S14(2)b of d Constitution that proposes security &amp; welfare of citizens as prim… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail We must embrace a holistic view that enables us see security as freedom from fear &amp; want. @ThisIsBuhari #Na… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Security &amp; safety of lives &amp; properties is the essence of social contract btwn people &amp; Govt. @ThisIsBuhari… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail My approach will be multi-dimensional; force with robust assessments of key drivers &amp; ingredients of insurg… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail The primary responsibility of any Govt. is the protection of lives &amp; properties of citizens. @ThisIsBuhari … RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail No govt can to enjoy trust &amp; respect of its citizens as long as it continue to fail in protecting the peopl… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Experience has shown we move beyond military to explore other approaches to halt insurgency @ThisIsBuhari #… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I commend the Armed Forces for the recent successes that we have recorded against Boko Haram ~@ThisIsBuhari… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail At no other time in our history has issue of security been brought so urgently to the front burners nationa… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I intend to embark on a comprehensive Security Sector Reform, that will b focused on all Nigs @ThisIsBuhari… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/O8qR0OFglP RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @kfayemi on why we are here #NatSecMeet #Abuja http://t.co/SIBNPfaWyw RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari @kfayemi #ChiefJohnOyegun #RotimiAmaechi #GenDambazau begin proceedings #NatSecMeet http://t.… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Arise O' Compatriots! @ThisIsBuhari #RotimiAmaechi National Woman Leader #HajiaRamatAliyu #ChiefOyegun http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail gearing up for the National Security meeting with @ThisIsBuhari this morning http://t.co/OicVoLh7kz RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail about Govt activities that they will have elected to serve them -@ThisIsBuhari 3/3 http://t.co/gVfc4bY7Oy RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Similar media meetings  shall take place regularly to keep Nigerians constantly informed-@ThisIsBuhari http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Thank you, once again, for being here. I look forward to working with you in future -@ThisIsBuhari 1/3 http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail media in shaping positive discourse, eschew hate speech mongering for peace &amp; stability of our dear nation … RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I give my full assurance that the Nig. media will be free under APC government. I appeal to you to use ur  … RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I'm not only subjecting myself to the rigours of democratic elections, but will continue to promote  democr… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I am a former, note the emphasis on the word 'former'--military ruler but now a converted democrat -@ThisIs… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I cant change the past but can change the present &amp; future. Dictatorship goes with military rule; Decree 4 … RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail You are all aware of Decree 4 of 1984, which was heavily criticised. I have said elsewhere that -@ThisIsBuh… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail This includes respect for the media, respect for the right to free expression and freedom of speech- @ThisI… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I give u full assurance that in this democratic dispensation, Nigeria's constitution is upheld- @ThisIsBuha… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail The electorate would also not v sufficient info 2 make sound decisions, as deciding to vote out a clueless … RT @BelieveBuhari: The #Road2Change is here, retweet if you will vote for @ThisIsBuhari and @ProfOsinbajo http://t.co/LvBHvOBWtu RT @APCforChange: It was a little emotional watching the people of Ejigbo welcome their son, @ProfOsinbajo, yesterday. http://t.co/EuXRBhbo… RT @APCforChange: Yesterday, @ProfOsinbajo visited Ejigbo, Osun State, #Nigeria, his maternal home town. http://t.co/IkwQiRpgvw RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 18
#APCpromise: Free education, priority access to mortgages for teachers.
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http:… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 18:
10 days to #Nigeria's Presidential Election; 24 days to Gubernatorial.
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http:… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 18
10 days until #NigeriaDecides
338 days since our #ChibokGirls were taken!
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia htt… RT @GMBVolunteers: A nation whr citizn's rights aren't delivred as privileges &amp; the cause to advance life is paramount #ThingsWILLChange ht… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail The health of Nigs democracy rests partly on you. Without a robust &amp; thriving media, the masses have no voi… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I urge you(the media) not to relent in your role as watchdogs, to continue to be the voice of the people- @… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail making it impossible for the current government to doctor the truth despite their meanest efforts -@ThisIsB… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail The terrifying level of insecurity &amp; grim state of our economy were kept constantly before d world's eyes- … RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Nigerians' cry for CHANGE was articulated all around the world by the media, thank you- @ThisIsBuhari http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Thank you to the Nigerian media for the role you have played in advancing our country's democracy- @ThisIsB… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Through the ballot, without a single shot fired, a CHANGE revolution will take place- @ThisIsBuhari http://… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Our country is on the verge of something new. Tide has turned &amp; d world can sense d wave of CHANGE coming -… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari, @atiku and Chief #JohnOyegun share a laugh over decamping rumors http://t.co/XeWnhd96nY RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari and @atiku http://t.co/uLglyD8JVf RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari towers confidently as he arrived the Newspaper publishers meet earlier today http://t.co/7tPE… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari takes note and answers questions honestly from the Newspaper publishers today http://t.co/c75… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari shares a hearty laugh with party chairman, Chief John Oyegun @ the Newspaper Pub. Meet http:/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail it was a full hall as @ThisIsBuhari engaged the Newspaper Publishers earlier today http://t.co/JcYmwK3GYh RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail "After 16 years of PDP, there's nothing to debate"- @ThisIsBuhari #GMBMediaChat RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Lack of conscience where officials steal pension funds must be punished- @ThisIsBuhari #GMBMediaChat http:/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari reiterates "I'm a converted democrat &amp; hv subscribed myself to Constitutional dictates" http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari live at the  Media interactive session at Sheraton, Abuja #GMBMediaChat http://t.co/nNsZM5PsHI RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @atiku speaks S #RotimiAmaechi chats with @ThisIsBuhari #GMBMediaChat http://t.co/c3Fa4w9cId RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari meets the media this evening in #Abuja for an interactive session @atiku #RotimiAmaechi http:… RT @BelieveBuhari: The #Road2Change has commenced. Let us spread the message to everyone. #March4Buhari #BelieveBuhari http://t.co/pzj5fVLw… RT @ActNowng: After 16 years in power, several PDP's promises unfulfilled: http://t.co/c4AnkLcNxp via @premiumtimesng http://t.co/AkyrrgtlhZ RT @ActNowng: Stay calm. Change is Coming. 
#WhyWeMarch http://t.co/IAyaZcLMu3 RT @ActNowng: The president-in-waiting?
#WhyWeMarch http://t.co/lIU13zNQGR RT @APCforChange: Was a pleasure having a chat with Mrs Buhari as she arrived in Lagos today. Forgot to ask Zahra if she's on Twitter http:… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 17
#APCpromise: Jobs. Jobs. Jobs. Creation of 3 million jobs a year
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia #Nigeria htt… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 17:
11 days to #Nigeria's Presidential Election; 25 days to Gubernatorial.
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http:… RT @GMBVolunteers: We will not be provoked. Our response will be our vote for #Change at the polls, March 28. #ThingsWILLChange #GMB15 http… RT @GMBVolunteers: Volunteer for #Change. The window is still open.
https://t.co/tAE8w1Xf7j
#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: March 28 is only 11 days away. Let's make the polls together. Enlist here:
https://t.co/YVEoAQSB4I"ref"%3A98%7D&amp;aref=98&amp;… RT @BelieveBuhari: Can you feel the Change? A new government. A new direction. A new Nigeria. #BelieveBuhari http://t.co/8LIrp5xAuH RT @ActNowng: Seated behind a desk doesn't mean you are cut off from spreading change. Help do so.
#DeliverYourStreet http://t.co/PwxBtB0un7 RT @ActNowng: Seated by your desk and Nigeria I'd on your mind. Here is how you can help, follow steps below. http://t.co/d3JdE0G003 RT @GMBVolunteers: Join us to the polls. Enlist here:
https://t.co/FKFX88gA9r
#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: Volunteer for #Change: https://t.co/tAE8w1Xf7j
#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: #Change is only 12 days away. Say hello to a great Nigeria. #ThingsWILLChange #GMB15 http://t.co/5Zxf1MMVLn RT @ActNowng: Governance is serious business. We are thankful that elections help remind everyone that there is a job to be done. http://t.… RT @ActNowng: What am I?
#WhyWeMarch http://t.co/TFpwVk506U RT @GMBVolunteers: One nation bound in freedom, dignity, pride, and unity. Nigeria, it will happen. #ThingsWILLChange #GMB15 http://t.co/Oz… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 15
#APCpromise: An APC Government will implement a gender equality strategy.
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia htt… RT @GMBVolunteers: Yes, Our hope is in top gear! #Change is here. #ThingsWILLChange #GMB15 http://t.co/6MtGNMxal3 RT @GMBVolunteers: March 28. Let's go together to effect #Change: https://t.co/YVEoAQSB4I"ref"%3A98%7D&amp;aref=98&amp;ref=bookmark
#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: Take a spot to effect #Change. Volunteer here:
https://t.co/tAE8w1Xf7j
#GMB15 RT @StateCraftInc: TVC Rollout: Buhari crosses the finish line! #2WeeksToGo #GMB15 #ThingsWILLChange  https://t.co/1oi7QvH5tY RT @ActNowng: There are reasons #WhyWeMarch 
@Ayourb http://t.co/ckBPwmXHmI RT @ActNowng: This is the basis of our commitment. This is #WhyWeMarch @omojuwa http://t.co/FR6oDCf9FZ RT @ActNowng: This is #WhyWeMarch http://t.co/quk6UO2lYf RT @ActNowng: The best time to have acted on this was decades ago, the 2nd best time is NOW. David Brin. http://t.co/ZtraewPZfK RT @APCforChange: This morning, @ProfOsinbajo spoke about education in #Nigeria at the School Improvement Conference in Onikan, Lagos http:… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 13
#APCpromise: Nationwide environmental sanitation plan including recycling
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia htt… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 13:
15 days to #Nigeria's Presidential Election; 29 days to Gubernatorial.
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http:… RT @GMBVolunteers: A nation where you have guarantee over the well being, and great future of your children. #ThingsWILLChange #GMB15 http:… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 12
#APCpromise: End gas flaring within 10 years; investment in clean energy.
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia htt… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 12:
16 days to #Nigeria's Presidential Election; 30 days to Gubernatorial.
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http:… RT @lolashoneyin: Those who predicted the early demise of Nnamdi Azikiwe died BEFORE Nnamdi Azikiwe.~Rotimi Amaechi Word! http://t.co/r0tsk… RT @lolashoneyin: Kayode Fayemi and Babatunde Fashola join Rotimi Amaechi and Nasir El-Rufai on stage. http://t.co/937XRmynra RT @lolashoneyin: Young man from Kings College 'we need to address that thing called "the Nigerian mentality"! http://t.co/xBrtghnxpY RT @lolashoneyin: So we're here at the event! @ThisIsBuhari meets the youth. Watch live on Channels. @elrufai @abikedabiri http://t.co/jgX0… RT @lolashoneyin: The APC campaign team arrives in Port Harcourt, Rivers State for South South APC Rally. @elrufai @ThisIsBuhari http://t.c… RT @lolashoneyin: Timipre Sylva speaks to the good people of Rivers State. 'The day Buhari becomes president, big drop in corruption'. http… RT @lolashoneyin: APC Chair- John Oyegun addresses the crowd. 'I thank you people of the South/South for your steadfastness'. http://t.co/C… RT @lolashoneyin: Love this photo!! @ThisIsBuhari telling the baby : don't worry about your future; I gat you! http://t.co/opP8O7hRlk RT @lolashoneyin: Heading to the rally... http://t.co/HfQfcMxOw5 RT @lolashoneyin: Dep Gov Rivers State welcomes @ThisIsBuhari to The RSGH. First Lady Rivers State greets GMB and APC chair John Oyegun htt… RT @lolashoneyin: And then we visit the Elekahia Health Centre. @ThisIsBuhari gets to cuddle a little baby, much to mum's delight. http://t… RT @lolashoneyin: APC gubernatorial candidate, Dakuku Peterside says hi to pupils. Being here makes me want to be a teacher again! :( http:… RT @lolashoneyin: Lovely classrooms. Better equipped thn most 'private schools' in Nigeria! Kid is lovely Stella who was very brave. http:/… RT @lolashoneyin: Everyone including @elrufai had a giggle as the kids called @ThisIsBuhari 'President Buhari' in every class!! http://t.co… RT @lolashoneyin: All primary schools in Rivers State look like this. Happy pupils thrilled to meet 'President Buhari!' http://t.co/lysCBk5… RT @lolashoneyin: On the way to the rally, we stop by at a primary school and health centre. http://t.co/F9bzPZic67 RT @GMBVolunteers: A nation with NO impediments to the success of ANY legitimate venture. It is possible. #ThingsWILLChange #GMB15 http://t… RT @GMBVolunteers: The Future. The Dream. A Great Nigeria. #Change is here. #ThingsWillChange #GMB15 http://t.co/pV4yGOWths RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari reiterates his message of #Change; #Security #Jobs #Economy #Kaduna4GMB http://t.co/t2NLaqKpgF RT @DebolaLagos: Governor in waiting @elrufai received @ThisIsBuhari alongside Gov. #RotimiAmaechi #RabiuKwankwanso &amp; more in Kaduna http:/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Campaign DG Gov. #RotimiAmaechi emphasizes the #Change message http://t.co/yd6OphSRT9 RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Gov. #RabiuKwankwanso takes the stage #Change #Change #Change #Sai Buhari #Sai Buhari #KadunaForGMB http://… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari and @ProfOsinbajo chat @Faroukbkd @sharon_ikeazor @hadisirika @musababaji #Kaduna4GMB http://… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari @ProfOsinbajo @elrufai #ChiefOyegun pledge to Nigeria #Kaduna4GMB http://t.co/oqo4gxMAmJ RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail a part the crowd waiting for @ThisIsBuhari at the rally venue #Kaduna4GMB http://t.co/bJvvcyglEm RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari pops out of the bus and the fans are over the top! 
Photo: @lolashoneyin http://t.co/bHRNTp0y… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #Kaduna is live @ThisIsBuhari. The pple are out; Women! Children! Youth! The love is as hot as the sun http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail touchdown #Kaduna ahead of @ThisIsBuhari's arrival. @ProfOsinbajo leads the teamcc @elrufai @Faroukbkd http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail the train is moving! @ProfOsinbajo #ChiefOyegun #RochasOkorocha #RotimiAmaechi  @hadizabalausman http://t.c… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail hits #Kaduna this morning! @ProfOsinbajo @hadizabalausman Gov. #RotimiAmaechi awaits @ThisIsBuhari http://t… RT @lolashoneyin: 'PDP r behaving like opposition party. They should come to the school of APC so we can teach them how.'~ John Oyegun http… RT @lolashoneyin: Governor of Rivers State Rotimi Amaechi, speaks to the crowd #APC-NW Rally. http://t.co/DyRwrFEV7X RT @lolashoneyin: APC gubernatorial candidates for Kaduna (@elrufai) Zamfara (absent) Kano and Sokoto, Jigawa, Kebbi States http://t.co/CZ4… RT @lolashoneyin: Kano State Gov, Rabiu Kwankwaso speaks to the crowd. http://t.co/hq4lNDMcYs RT @lolashoneyin: Gov Aliyu Wamako of Sokoto State speaks to the crowd. http://t.co/7JyLYSvwab RT @lolashoneyin: Rally kicks off. Apparently, PDP gov didn't approve the use of the MM Stadium. Sigh... http://t.co/XIIltSeLAF RT @lolashoneyin: National Anthem tins. @ThisIsBuhari tells a joke that has APC Chair and Gov Amaechi in stitches. http://t.co/JR66tQaNNB RT @lolashoneyin: Finally, we arrive at the venue. @ThisIsBuhari  seated next to Gov Kwankwaso. http://t.co/aXB7s6QLl4 RT @lolashoneyin: A few photos of @ProfOsinbajo from today's town-hall meeting at Hotel 17, Kaduna State. http://t.co/vekUa7NT40 RT @lolashoneyin: After standing on the back of the seat for 20 mins, @ThisIsBuhari gets back into his seat. Props to him. Heat o!!! http:/… RT @lolashoneyin: And the young ones are as delighted to see @ThisIsBuhari @satundee http://t.co/IqBj71Jukw RT @lolashoneyin: A sort of selfie before we come across a large crowd. It's so hot here. The sun! But people line the streets for GMB. htt… RT @lolashoneyin: Hero's welcome in Kaduna. Lovely to see women out on the street. And of course @ThisIsBuhari is appreciative! http://t.co… RT @lolashoneyin: Said earlier that @ThisIsBuhari arrived in Kano. We're in KADUNA! Apologies for confusion! http://t.co/k2KqB2W9Aq RT @lolashoneyin: Gov Rabiu Kwankwaso of Kano arrives in Kaduna for the rally. http://t.co/MsnLAh0cAv RT @lolashoneyin: We arrive in Kaduna and @ProfOsinbajo heads to he Kaduna Town hall meeting ahead of the 2pm rally. http://t.co/Yi7O2EXM34 RT @lolashoneyin: Touch down in Kaduna. @ProfOsinbajo, @elrufai @ToksAfikuyomi heading to the town hall meeting in Kaduna. Rally at 2pm htt… RT @lolashoneyin: And the campaign trail heads to Kaduna for the North West zonal rally! Leaving Abuja now with @ProfOsinbajo,APC chair htt… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 11
#APCpromise: Providing greater legal protection against domestic violence
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia htt… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 11
17 days until #NigeriaDecides
331 days since our #ChibokGirls were taken!
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia htt… RT @BelieveBuhari: We are thankful for having a such a beautiful mind to compliment @ThisIsBuhari. #BelieveBuhari http://t.co/XWrGzBI4Tg RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 10
#APCpromise: Office of the Public Defender - Making justice accessible.
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http:… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 10
18 days until #NigeriaDecides
330 days since our #ChibokGirls were taken!
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia htt… RT @GMBVolunteers: The power lies with us to effect #Change. Let's do this! March 28. #GMB15 http://t.co/W1Sy3BFTyW RT @ActNowng: It is true. U can speak to someone about how they should vote Buhari/Osinbajo ALL from your desk
#DeliverYourStreet http://t.… RT @ActNowng: Good Afternoon. Do you know you can #DeliverYourStreet from your desk? http://t.co/Epo8fWecbM RT @GMBVolunteers: A Nigeria we can all be proud of. It is possible. #ThingsWillChange #GMB15 http://t.co/eOUQpAzQBn RT @GMBVolunteers: Volunteer for #Change. Enlist here: https://t.co/tAE8w1Xf7j
#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: Join us to the polls come 28th March: https://t.co/FKFX88gA9r
#GMB15 RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 9
#APCpromise: FREEDOM OF SPEECH for all!
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http://t.co/cD4LveZbDH Pick up your PVC by 22 March and vote for APC on 28 March &amp; 11 April. Let's bring the Change Nigeria needs #BabaWhileYouWereGone I am #GladToBeBack to make the Change needed #BabaWhileYouWereGone Our collective strength, our ability to forge ahead in the toughest of times is what will allow us to restore Nigeria  #BabaWhileYouWereGone The troubling issues that face the nation continue unabated - plummeting power production &amp; naira value, petrol queues #BabaWhileYouWereGone Despite the sticks and stones, we choose to remain focused and direct our energies into forging a bright future #BabaWhileYouWereGone - GMB I am heartened to see that good humour and resolve rest deep in the hearts of those who seek Change. #BabaWhileYouWereGone - GMB Many thanks to my supporters for the #BabaWhileYouWereGone updates this weekend. They have made my day #GladToBeBack - GMB Your PVC empowers you all to show your support. Please collect yours and vote for Change on 28 March, and 11 April - GMB #ThingsWILLChange If successful, Sen. Aisha Jummai Alhassan will be the first elected female governor in Nigeria. I urge you all to support her. - GMB APC is committed to women's rights &amp; empowerment, and our candidate for the Taraba governorship is one such example - GMB I also extend my gratitude to all the women who are taking our message of Change to all corners of the country - GMB They have been a constant of support for me, and I do my best every day to provide the same support for them - GMB As we celebrate #IWD2015, I want to express my profound appreciation for all Nigerian women, especially my wife and daughters - GMB A very happy birthday to the next Vice-President of Nigeria, @ProfOsinbajo. Your commitment to #Change inspires the nation #ThingsWILLChange We thank everyone who has come out today to walk and act for change. This has been a deeply inspiring day. #ThingsWILLChange RT @GMBVolunteers: #iPledgeToNigeria to vote #Change. NGR can only get better this way. #ThinsWillChange #GMB15 http://t.co/yPJ4BAxQV6 RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail this morning in #Sokoto @ThisIsBuhari visited #ElderStatesman #AlhajiShagari for his #Birthday http://t.co/… RT @lolashoneyin: These guys want a peaceful election. http://t.co/6th6mMDtSg RT @lolashoneyin: Images from the one-million-man march in Lagos State. http://t.co/KAHYXkOLym RT @lolashoneyin: Putting the crowd at the One-million-man march into perspective. http://t.co/Fza7wK3Hec RT @lolashoneyin: Can you spot @ProfOsinbajo? Who else can you identify in the photos? http://t.co/So5pg0phSr RT @lolashoneyin: People line Ikorodu Road. So much excitement! http://t.co/OQaYy58Eoc RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 7
21 days until #NigeriaDecides!
327 days since our #ChibokGirls were taken!
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia htt… RT @GMBOffice: GMB arrived in Abuja this morning. His is a presidential campaign focused on the issues that advance our collective good. #G… RT @ActNowng: If this grand mum understands why we need change, why don't you help #DeliverYourStreet like she does? http://t.co/rum4EsnkEt RT @APCforChange: After meeting with Catholic Laity, @ProfOsinbajo's with APC folk from Abuja South Area-Gwagwalada, Kuje, Kwali, Abaji htt… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 6
#APCpromise: Reforms (desperately needed) in #Nigeria's Petroleum Industry
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia htt… RT @GMBVolunteers: Security. Jobs. The Economy. Addressing these issues will set NGR on the path of greatness. #ThingsWillChange #GMB15 htt… RT @GMBVolunteers: Join us as we head to the polls.
https://t.co/YVEoAQSB4I"ref"%3A98%7D&amp;aref=98&amp;ref=bookmark
#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: Volunteer for #Change. Enlist here: https://t.co/tAE8w1Xf7j
#GMB15 RT @ActNowng: Nigeria can get a new lease of life. @ProfOsinbajo days
#WhyWeMarch http://t.co/gLSep85yu4 RT @APCforChange: Volunteers invited for breakfast with @ProfOsinbajo in Lagos this morning. Pep talk before item 7... #NigeriaDecides http… RT @ActNowng: At NPI event, @ProfOsinbajo was invited to score the present administration. Audience yelled F9, F40, F100 http://t.co/aBvMzM… RT @GMBOffice: Our focus remains on security, jobs, and the economy. We are resolute about deploying strategies that empower every Nigerian… RT @GMBVolunteers: It is only an empowered electorate that can ensure #Change. Get your PVC before 8th March. #ThingsWillChange #GMB15 http… RT @APCforChange: GMB is going to lead from the front and that for me is what it should be not buck passing, he's tried and tested. #iWillV… RT @GMBVolunteers: Volunteer for #Change. Enlist here:
https://t.co/tAE8w1Xf7j
#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: Join us to the polls come March 28:
https://t.co/YVEoAQSB4I"ref"%3A98%7D&amp;aref=98&amp;ref=bookmark
#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: We deserve good, responsible, responsive &amp; visionary leadership. It is not rocket science. #ThingsWillChange #GMB15 http… RT @StateCraftInc: We can end petrol scarcity. Yes we can. #ThingsWILLChange #GMB15 http://t.co/TYgly49U54 RT @GMBVolunteers: Volunteer for #Change. Enlist here: https://t.co/tAE8w1Xf7j
#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: No Light. No Petrol. In 4 weeks we can begin to #Change this. #VoteBuhari #ThingsWillChange #GMB15 http://t.co/uOq1h8QX12 RT @GMBOffice: PVC collection ends on 8th March and we encourage everyone to ensure they get theirs. Change needs an empowered electorate. … RT @ActNowng: Our choice of leaders must always be measured by what they can do Now and for future.
#WhyWeMarch http://t.co/gnEyFP3I95 RT @ActNowng: Evidence points to Corruption as the biggest threat to development in Nigeria.  #WhyWeMarch 
@omojuwa http://t.co/C4ta3foxZ3 RT @ActNowng: We once were unified when we demanded independence from our colonial masters. We can be unified again.
#WhyWeMarch http://t.c… RT @ActNowng: We were bequeath a promising nation but by our selection of leaders we are ruining it for the future.
#WhyWeMarch http://t.co… RT @ActNowng: We share a common national identity, why isn't there a national outrage to issues destroying our nation.
#WhyWeMarch http://t… RT @ActNowng: The best time to have acted on this was decades ago, the second best time is NOW. 
#WhyWeMarch http://t.co/amYE1pIrG8 RT @APCforChange: .@DupeKilla says #iWillVoteAPC. Download free poster: http://t.co/MGbUwB5WCb or make your own. #Nigeria #SocialMedia http… RT @APCforChange: .@DOlusegun says ##iWillVoteAPC because we've continually tolerated @PDPNigeria's mediocrity... #Nigeria #SocialMedia htt… RT @APCforChange: .@BisiOgunwale says #iWillVoteAPC because I want my children to grow up in a country where they feel safe... #Nigeria htt… RT @APCforChange: Are you Proudly APC? Tell the World why you support APC using the hashtag #iWillVoteAPC. #SocialMedia #NigeriaDecides htt… We must reject a system that has turned one of world's largest crude exporters into an importer of petrol. Things must change. - GMB But over the last several years our refineries have declined, and we are at the mercy of imports. In my time as NNPC chairman and Petroleum Minister in the late 70s, 2 of our 4 refineries were built, and domestic consumption catered for. The countless man hours that will be spent at petrol stations today, will reduce our productivity as a nation.This should not be so. - GMB RT @GMBVolunteers: Volunteer for #Change:
https://t.co/tAE8w1Xf7j
#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: Our greatest resource lies in our unifying factor. Let's unite to usher in #Change. #ThingsWillChange #GMB15 http://t.co… RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 2
26 days until #NigeriaDecides!
322 days since our #ChibokGirls were taken!
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia htt… RT @ActNowng: We want a president who thinks EVERY Nigerian matters even to the weakest of us. #WhyWeMarch http://t.co/0zpK9L1g6M RT @APCforChange: #March4Buhari 1
#APCpromise: Transparency! Transparency!! Transparency!!!
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia #NigeriaDecides http… RT @APCforChange: Sadly, @ProfOsinbajo was unable to spend more time at #AskProfOsinbajo. He's now presenting the APC agenda to SMEs http:/… RT @APCforChange: #FeBuhari 28: 
28 days until #NigeriaDecides!
320 days since our #ChibokGirls were taken!
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http… RT @GMBOffice: This is the full script of GMB's speech at @ChathamHouse:  http://t.co/USVk6VQK6u
#CHAfrica #GMB15 RT @lolashoneyin: This who gave this (pic 1) got this (pic 2,3,4). Interesting outing. http://t.co/IeXvGNPFYA RT @lolashoneyin: Govs Rochasmobile Okorochas, Adams Oshiomhole present. http://t.co/oytCoVhUT5 RT @lolashoneyin: Lots of support for @ThisIsBuhari outside venue. On film, PDP protesters admit to being paid to disrupt event. Sad. http:… RT @lolashoneyin: 'I am a former military ruler and a converted democrat.' @ThisIsBuhari RT @lolashoneyin: I have heard and read references to me as a 'former dictator'...I take responsibility for anything that happened under my… RT @lolashoneyin: 'On March 28, I believe the people will choose wisely.' - @ThisIsBuhari #ChathamHouse RT @lolashoneyin: I am running for president to give Nigeria prosperity, not adversity. - @ThisIsBuhari #ChathamHouse RT @lolashoneyin: 'Two things have bloomed in the present administration: waste and corruption.' -@ThisIsBuhari #ChathamHouse RT @lolashoneyin: 'Because of the greed, profligacy and corruption, Nigeria's 'wealth' has not translated to human development.' http://t.c… RT @lolashoneyin: 'We will not allow problems to fester. I, Mohammed Buhari, will lead from the front.'- @ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/BGLDIQAd… RT @lolashoneyin: 'I assure you, if I become president, the world will not have to worry about Nigeria as it is now' ~@ThisIsBuhari http://… RT @lolashoneyin: The Jagaban and Kayode Fayemi on hand to support @ThisIsBuhari at Chatham House. http://t.co/D9QYgnK7vI RT @lolashoneyin: Gov of Adamawa is here to support @ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/hhJobREgle RT @lolashoneyin: With over 2000 applications to attend the event, it's a full house at Chatham House. http://t.co/hqJvJoJxrC RT @lolashoneyin: There he is the man of the moment: @ThisIsBuhari looking good and feeling great. #GMBChathamHouse ChathamHouse http://t.c… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I am running for president to lead Nigeria to prosperity; freedom from poverty -@ThisIsBuhari #GMBChatamHou… RT @DebolaLagos: My firm hand on corruption is not to retrogress Nigeria but to ensure wealth is shared accordingly - @ThisIsBuhari #GMBCha… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I v been refered to as diictator , without sounding defensive, dictatorship goes with Military @ThisIsBuhar… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail "but some r less dictatorial than others. I take responsibility for all under my watch -@ThisIsBuhari #GMBC… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail "Before u is a frm military ruler now converted democrat. I cannot change d past but I can change d future"… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I want a #Nigeria that all Nigerians can be proud of #GMBChathamHouse #CHAfrica #NigeriaDecides- @ThisIsBuh… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I would run a private sector focused economy, strengthen protected sectors: @ThisIsBuhari  #GMBChatamHouse … RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail 60 percent of our youth unemployed, &amp; we v one of the highest levels of inequality in the world -ThisIsBuha… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Aminu Usiako asks @ThisIsBuhari if he will invest political office holders from 1960 till date http://t.co/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #Video #GMBChatamHouse @ThisIsBuhari #CHAfrica http://t.co/M4ILmVpU90 RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari ans on foreign investment "Security is key. No one will bring their money to an insecure plac… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #SirRichardGozney jokes as he asks what @ThisIsBuhari will do to reduce salaries or legislature http://t.co… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail on past corruption @ThisIsBuhari says I will draw a line &amp; allow judiciary do its work #GMBChatamHouse http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail if we focused on past corruption, we would do nothing for the country -@ThisIsBuhari #GMBChatamHouse http:/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail all parastatals have checks and balances, we need to ensure they are followed -@ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/Wg… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail we r grateful to d international community for openly insisting on free &amp; fair elections @ThisIsBuhari http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail engaging youth "I am always moved with the love from youths as we travel thru the country"- @ThisIsBuhari #… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail the passion is so high that it scares even me that they must be rewarded with employment &amp; enterprise @This… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail so many hands up for questions @ThisIsBuhari takes notes #GMBChatamHouse http://t.co/CJ3XsxwZiE RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Watch #LondonSaysSaiBuhari !!! @ThisIsBuhari  #GMBChatamHouse #CHAfrica http://t.co/KzLPOurtXz RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I am fit, my doctors v declared me fit &amp;I am going back home for the final phase to win @ThisIsBuhari http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #GovNyako #GovOshiomhole #GovRochas #SenHadi #OtunbaAdebayo @elrufai for @ThisIsBuhari #GMBChatamHouse http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #LondonSaysSaiBuhari @ThisIsBuhari #GMBChatamHouse http://t.co/ZRnd58Ky5Q RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #London is excited for @ThisIsBuhari #GMBChatamHouse #LondonSaysSaiBuhari http://t.co/cnlvOr3lJl RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #Video #GMBChatamHouse #LondonSaysSaiBuhari @ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/dRYS77VPuk RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #LondonSaysSaiBuhari @hadizabalausman @sharon_ikeazor Gov. #AdamsOshiomhole @ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/HCwj7… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @AsiwajuTinubu @hadisirika @faroukaliyu1 @DebolaLagos @musababaji # for #GMBChatamHouse @ThisIsBuhari http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Video "We will be tough on corruption" - @ThisIsBuhari #GMBChathamHouse http://t.co/QfyDcOAdr3 RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail on Sharia "I forgot to answer Q about Sharia as I don't like so much sharia" @ThisIsBuhari #GMBChatamHouse … RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail "Nig. constitution is superior to Sharia, which is at the same level as customary law" @ThisIsBuhari http:/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail the supporters are out in full for @ThisIsBuhari #GMBChatamHouse #LondonSaysSaiBuhari http://t.co/o3Zae5EjV0 RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail "Bokoharam has certainly put Nigerian on the terrorism map killing so many" @ThisIsBuhari #GMBChatamHouse RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail "this has shown to be Nigeria's most important election so far" - @ThisIsBuhari #GMBChatamHouse http://t.co… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail it's important democracy delivers transparency, accountability and a better life- @ThisIsBuhari #GMBChatamH… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail it's important that democracy delivers on the promise of choice, security and share prosperity- @ThisIsBuha… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail in the last decade election has grown strong roots in Africa. Democracy is a journey @ThisIsBuhari #GMBChat… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail once asked to speak of Nigeria, I become it's Chief Marketing officer - @ThisIsBuhari #GMBChatamHouse http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #SirRichardGozney commends @ThisIsBuhari for clarity of thought and simplicity for a Nigerian Politician #L… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail and #ChatamHouse conversation begins with @ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/6JIYegP3py RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari welcomed by #SirRichardGozney #LondonSaysSaiBuhari http://t.co/pRWuUBLuR2 RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail "I particularly look forward to work with u on #Education policies"- @GordonBrown #LondonSaysSaiBuhari http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail "We hope you &amp; your team will be able to find them" @GordonBrown to @ThisIsBuhari #LondonSaysSaiBuhari http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail "it will be 1 yr of the missing girls by April 1, hope they r found @GordonBrown to @ThisIsBuhari 1/2 http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail "we would be supporting Nigeria for a free and fair election" - @GordonBrown @AsiwajuTinubu @kfayemi http:/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @GordonBrown commends @ThisIsBuhari #LondonSaysSaiBuhari http://t.co/Q3mnwesYf9 RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari this morning arrives at #ChatamHouse to @GordonBrowns welcome #LondonSaysSaiBuhari http://t.c… RT @APCforChange: The Godfather, @Ayourb, and Mrs A say #iWillVoteAPC for change in #Nigeria. Download a poster: http://t.co/MGbUwAOldB htt… RT @APCforChange: We launched the #iWillVoteAPC Poster Campaign in Jan. Make your own poster or download: http://t.co/MGbUwAOldB #GMB15 htt… RT @GMBOffice: The live stream of @ThisIsBuhari's @ChathamHouse appearance will be made available at http://t.co/JIobYFG0Yy in 10 minutes. … RT @GMBOffice: .@ThisIsBuhari remains fully Committed to the Abuja Peace Accord. Kindly disregard any news that states otherwise. #GMB15 RT @ogundamisi: .@ThisIsBuhari speaking @ChathamHouse today. We will be following @DebolaLagos @lolashoneyin for updates use  #LondonSaysSa… RT @lolashoneyin: If you're in / around London and you want to show your support 4 @thisisbuhari, meet us outside Chatham House at 9:00am.#… RT @GMBOffice: .@ThisIsBuhari condemns Kano, and Yobe bombings, calls for vigilance. http://t.co/nEDmincNAa #GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: Let's make it to the polls together. Join us here:
https://t.co/a23yEpNOSX
#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: Enlist as a volunteer for #Change:
https://t.co/tAE8w1FDIJ
#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: A safe &amp; strong economy. Good education. Increased Wealth. Happy People. #Change is here. #ThingsWillChange #GMB15 http:… RT @GMBOffice: The live stream of @ThisIsBuhari's @ChathamHouse appearance will be made available at http://t.co/JIobYFG0Yy, 11 am (NGR) to… RT @ActNowng: There is no greater time than now to be involved in the process. The future of your nation depends on your decisions. http://… RT @APCforChange: #FeBuhari 25 
#APCpromise: Pensions to be paid on time, verification process revamped.
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http://… RT @ActNowng: From the North to the South, East to West, we urge you #DeliverYourStreet http://t.co/hwmhR49MQo RT @APCforChange: Join Vicky, tell the World you support APC. Download #iWillVoteAPC Poster here: http://t.co/MGbUwAOldB #SocialMedia http:… RT @BelieveBuhari: Our Hope was never lost, it was awaiting inspiration. #BelieveBuhari http://t.co/xISSRzsLm4 RT @GMBVolunteers: 32 days till we #March4Buhari. Closer than it seems. #Change is here. #ThingsWillChange #GMB15 http://t.co/iLaINmkIgj RT @GMBOffice: .@ThisIsBuhari will be speaking at @ChathamHouse on 26 Feb, 2015 from 10:00 - 11:00 am. For details, visit: http://t.co/HaiX… RT @ActNowng: As citizens of Nigeria, our song must and always be the right to demand good governance from our leaders. http://t.co/rcxAzIF… RT @GMBOffice: Have questions for GMB at @ChathamHouse? Send questions tagged #CHAfrica on Twitter. A selection will be put to him during t… RT @APCforChange: Join us at 8PM (#Nigeria time) as @Bint_Moshood takes over our handle for the daily #iWillVoteAPC chat. #SocialMedia http… RT @GMBVolunteers: Join our #March to the polls: https://t.co/jg0UEVXJOk
#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: Enlist as a volunteer for #Change:
https://t.co/tAE8w1Xf7j
#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: The days continue to shrink. Our joy knows no bounds. #Change is here. #ThingsWillChange #GMB15 http://t.co/4VGEGUvdcY RT @APCforChange: #FeBuhari 22
#APCpromise: Up to 5 times more Govt. money will be allocated to your health. #iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia htt… RT @GMBVolunteers: The days are shrinking up. Our strength is in constant renewal. #Change is here. #ThingsWillChange #GMB15 http://t.co/ta… RT @GMBVolunteers: Let's make the polls together. Join us here: https://t.co/a23yEpNOSX #GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: The space to volunteer for #Change is still open. Enlist here: https://t.co/tAE8w1Xf7j #GMB15 RT @BelieveBuhari: Tell us what Buhari will accomplish as President of Nigeria. Click to record http://t.co/19VNYo31Rk #BelieveBuhari http:… RT @BelieveBuhari: Retweet if you are an agent of Change. #BelieveBuhari http://t.co/fJnJHk6wUo RT @ActNowng: It is another Saturday. You have a bit of free time today. There is no CHANGE without your PVC. 
Get up today and... http://t… RT @ActNowng: We are a nation of 170 million Nigerians, 112.5 of that number live under 2 Dollars everyday. 

Half of our... http://t.co/3H… RT @APCforChange: Good morning family. Even though we work throughout the weekend, #TGIF!!!
Saturday's a great day to pick up your PVC. Twe… RT @APCforChange: #FeBuhari 19: 
37 days until #NigeriaDecides!
311 days since #ChibokGirls were taken!
#iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia http://t… RT @ActNowng: Street by street. Talk to someone. Help them reach the same decision you have.
#DeliverYourStreet http://t.co/EBOjzvhfHS RT @ActNowng: The best time to have acted on this was decades ago, the second best time is NOW- David Brin.
#DeliverYourStreet http://t.co/… RT @APCforChange: #FeBuhari 18
#APCpromise: Up to 20% #Nigeria's annual budget to be allocated to Education. #iWillVoteAPC #SocialMedia htt… RT @APCNigeria: A vote for APC is a vote for #NewNigeria RT @GMBOffice: There are plans to visit Chibok, but it didn't happen yesterday Cc: @DeleMomodu RT @GMBOffice: To set the records straight, @ThisIsBuhari was not at Chibok yesterday RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Close enough to the stage, high enough to see, near enough to feel #Borno for @ThisIsBuhari #APCRally http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail then @ThisIsBuhari arrives and the crowd go ballistic #Borno #APCRally http://t.co/6H3qVrQeko RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #Borno @ThisIsBuhari walks around the stage, they hail, he hails #SaiBuhari #APCRally http://t.co/mjPgkveS7D RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail while some chorus #SaiBuhari #SaiBaba #SaiBuhari #SaiBaba @ThisIsBuhari #Borno #APCRally http://t.co/LMJLYu… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail On the trucks they chant #Change #Change #Change #Borno #APCRally http://t.co/U7nSEb34gn RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail On the trees and the poles they scream #Change @ThisIsBuhari #Borno #APCRally http://t.co/DgLF868gbv RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail They want a glimpse of @ThisIsBuhari. They continue to chant #SaiBuhari #SaiBaba #Borno #APCRally http://t.… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail they are everywhere! #Borno #APCRally http://t.co/WwG5qxWJ3I RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail we approach the #Emirs #Palace the crowd welcomes @ThisIsBuhari #Borno #APCRally http://t.co/pENbvtQOeb RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #Emirs #Palace #Borno #APCRally http://t.co/oJV9yoghug RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail through the barricades, guards &amp; all, they come for @ThisIsBuhari. Just close enough #Borno #APCRally http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I can trace my roots here &amp; my relatives r still in kukawa
Also lucky to be here once as Gov. Of North east… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Pple in Baga &amp; others will be liberated, homes returned&amp;people will see a Govt. genuinely concerned about p… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail The distance between d airport &amp; Palace has nvr been this far, I am grateful for the welcome #APCRally http… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail My colleagues were vry worried of dis trip but I chose to come &amp; I humbled by d welcome #APCRally http://t.… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail we approach the venue and the crowd gets more excited for @ThisIsBuhari #Borno #APCRally http://t.co/JRgjIu… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #Borno this is what I see on the 4 sides of the stage @ThisIsBuhari expected in a few mins #APCRally http:/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail we approach the #Emirs #Palace the crowd welcomes @ThisIsBuhari #Borno #APCRally http://t.co/W6PNDhLztP RT @BelieveBuhari: Support a great cause by retweeting. #March4Buhari #BelieveBuhari http://t.co/URws704Hej RT @ActNowng: It is a brand new week. And two things remain pertinent.
#SeeMyPVC and #DeliverYourStreet http://t.co/XDAoGPhra3 RT @APCforChange: #FeBuhari 16: 40 days until #NigeriaDecides!
308 days since #ChibokGirls were taken :(
#iWillVoteAPC #GMB15 http://t.co/N… RT @ActNowng: The best time to have acted on this was decades ago, the second best time is NOW.
David Brin. http://t.co/UGfeOzDnZr RT @GMBVolunteers: Kaffy the dance queen &amp; her family having a good time at the #LoveBuhariLoveNigeria Valentine dinner #FeBuhari #GMB15 ht… RT @GMBVolunteers: #LoveBuhariLoveNigeria Valentine dinner. #FeBuhari #GMB15 http://t.co/2AtthC1Xby RT @GMBVolunteers: .@tundefashola, @elrufai, &amp; several top APC members are here for the #LoveBuhariLoveNigeria Valentine dinner. #GMB15 htt… RT @GMBVolunteers: .@DebolaLagos is here looking sharp. As always. #LoveBuhariLoveNigeria #FeBuhari #GMB15 http://t.co/GPUXKGp27b RT @GMBVolunteers: From every walk of life, people are gathering to #LoveBuhariLoveNigeria. #FeBuhari #GMB15 http://t.co/AmtJs2X5u3 Happy Valentine's Day everyone! Keep believing. #ThingsWILLChange #FeBuhari Today, there is an outpouring of love for Nigeria. We are inspired! #FeBuhari RT @APCforChange: 🎶 Baba Oyoyo 🎶 Sights from the 'Love Walk' in honour of #FeBuhari 14 - The General's Day! #GMB15 http://t.co/ZiwfBDoQvJ RT @BelieveBuhari: Happy valentines day Nigeria, Show some love by retweeting, #BelieveBuhari http://t.co/fKb3QRHYvW RT @APCforChange: To mark #FeBuhari 14, @ActNowNG @iHaveDecidedNG organised a 'Love Walk' from Allen Avenue, Lagos. #GMB15 http://t.co/wejl… RT @APCNigeria: Nigerians will continue to stay united, even against all efforts to divide us, because we believe in the power of our unity… RT @GMBVolunteers: 43 days until we ignite #Change. Our strength is inexhaustible. #GMB15 #ThingsWillChange http://t.co/OA9FkYbi8d RT @GMBVolunteers: Volunteer for #Change. Enlist here:
https://t.co/tAE8w1FDIJ
#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: Don't go to the polls alone. Join us here:
https://t.co/PydjnDYcm0
#GMB15 RT @APCNigeria: Video: Buhari explains how Obasanjo's endorsement would win more supporters to @APCNigeria on CNN with @camanpour http://t.… RT @APCforChange: #FeBuhari 12, 2015:
2 days until Sai Buhari Day!
44 days until #NigeriaDecides!
#iWillVoteAPC #GMB15 http://t.co/Mv2QA8Da… RT @StateCraftInc: RC Campaign: #IsThisTransformation Pidgin English Version (LISTEN)  https://t.co/XCYLmcnRHv RT @StateCraftInc: WATCH: "Allow me to prove to you that Nigeria can #Change". #GMB15 #ThingsWILLChange https://t.co/hZrd7VkNa8 RT @GMBOffice: ONE NATION BOUND IN FREEDOM, PEACE &amp; UNITY.
@ThisIsBuhari's speech at meeting with Catholic Bishops in Abuja. http://t.co/hx… RT @GMBOffice: .@ThisIsBuhari sits down with @CNN's @camanpour to discuss Nigeria and the elections. Tune in at 8pm local time today. #GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: Everything Good Will Come. #ThingsWillChange #GMB15 http://t.co/Z6fsxnikyy RT @GMBOffice: .@ThisIsBuhari, @ProfOsinbajo and members of the APC campaign council with Catholic Bishops in Abuja yesterday #GMB15 http:/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari and @ProfOsinbajo receives @_AfricanUnion and @UN delegation this morning In Abuja http://t.c… RT @APCNigeria: "Gen. Buhari is smart enough. He’s educated enough. He’s experienced enough. Why shouldn’t I support him?” - Obasanjo RT @GMBOffice: UN and AU delegations visit @ThisIsBuhari this afternoon in preparation for the elections. #GMB15 http://t.co/wGPxefQSys RT @StateCraftInc: Across major roads in Lagos, and across the country, we ask: Is This Transformation? #ThingsWILLChange http://t.co/JC9oD… RT @GMBOffice: You can watch @ThisIsBuhari's interview on @Aljazeera again here: http://t.co/PJnirUuC43#GMB15 #ThingsWillChange RT @APCforChange: #FeBuhari 10, 2015:
4 days until Sai Buhari Day!
46 days until #NigeriaDecides!
#iWillVoteAPC #GMB15 http://t.co/rKQYQFRt… RT @BelieveBuhari: Retweet if your vote will march 4 @ThisIsBuhari​. #March4Buhari #BelieveBuhari http://t.co/SkMN4vp3jz RT @APCNigeria: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari receives #Commonwealth Election monitoring team in Abuja led by Dr. Bakili Muluzi http://t.co/… RT @APCforChange: #FeBuhari 9, 2015:  
5 days until #SaiBuhariDay!
47 days until #NigeriaDecides!
#iWillVoteAPC #GMB15 http://t.co/gaw28xN0… RT @StateCraftInc: GMB's message to Nigerians in @THISDAYLIVE today: Change cannot be denied. #ThingsWILLChange #StateCraft http://t.co/pOC… RT @StateCraftInc: In today's @TheNationNews, GMB's message to Nigerians - "March 28 is almost here" #GMB15 #ThingsWILLChange http://t.co/O… #ThingsWILLchange #GMB15 http://t.co/csodEEMvTv Together, we will rescue our dear country. Make no mistake, #ThingsWILLChange - GMB Before us there was Nigeria, and long after us there will be Nigeria. We will #Change Nigeria peacefully. This postponement should therefore only strengthen our resolve to save our country from the hands of marauders. My deep faith in the democratic process assures me that with your support, our country will certainly overcome. in the face of certain defeat at the polls. in the country and provide further justification to those who would want to exploit every situation to frustrate the democratic process Our country is going through difficult times in the hands of terrorists. Any act of violence can only complicate the security challenges But we must remain calm and peaceful, while resolute. Do not allow yourself be tempted or provoked to violence As a Nigerian and a candidate in the elections, I share in the disappointment and frustration at this decision To be clear, the postponement is a fraudulent attempt to subvert Nigeria's democracy. The world has seen this clearly My friends, I know many of you have waited for me to speak about the postponement of elections yesterday. - GMB Change may be postponed, but it cannot be denied. #ThingsWILLchange RT @GMBOffice: ...and will sustain the struggle to establish a new Nigeria. RT @GMBOffice: "I want to assure all Nigerians that the All Progressives Congress will not abandon its commitment to change..." RT @GMBOffice: "We must not fall into this obvious trap." RT @GMBOffice: "Though what has happened is highly provocative, I strongly appeal to all Nigerians to remain calm and desist from violence." RT @GMBOffice: GMB is sharing his vision with a panel of young people on @ebonylifetv. Join in now. #GMB15 RT @StateCraftInc: We know #Change will come, whatever happens, however it happens. #GMB15 http://t.co/R5r6hlm6pK RT @ActNowng: We bring this call to rise and reclaim your land...but first your PVC! Arise and collect.
#SeeMyPVC #PVC2015 http://t.co/rRKa… RT @APCforChange: Today is PVC Advocacy Day! This time next week, we'll be at our polling units. No PVC = no voice. #PVC2015 #GMB15 http://… RT @StateCraftInc: TVC Rollout: #IsThisTransformation #StateCraft  http://t.co/4eWcsKorRN RT @StateCraftInc: TVC Rollout: "Fellow Nigerians, are you not tired of this nonsense?" #IsThisTransformation #StateCraft http://t.co/Vynai… Nigeria has decided: #Change cannot be postponed. On February 14 we stand! #ThingsWillChange #GMB15 http://t.co/js4WIUEnMD RT @GMBOffice: Hello Nigeria. What questions would you like to be answered at the next #APCTownHall? Use the hashtag #APCTownHallQ.#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: Together we can effect change.Volunteer today:http://t.co/OkzR1zK3M0#GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: Let's do #FeBuhari 14 together.Register here: https://t.co/WGzKwdFJSp#GMB15 RT @StateCraftInc: 9 days to go. Change will not be postponed. #GMB15 http://t.co/O9rScGUgu4 RT @GMBVolunteers: Our actions determine a lot about their future. Give their hope substance. Vote for #Change. #VoteBuhari #GMB15 http://t… RT @APCforChange: #FeBuhari 5, 2015:
9 days until Sai Buhari Day!
23 days until Governorship elections!
#NigeriaDecides #iWillVoteAPC http:… RT @StateCraftInc: #IsThisTransformation? #StateCraft http://t.co/ZPL1NsKsMT RT @GMBVolunteers: Join the #Change movement. Register here: https://t.co/y6Wrvm3DWr#GMB15 RT @ActNowng: There is nothing like sitting and explaining to citizens why they should vote CHANGE!
#DeliverYourStreet http://t.co/px8RSvF1… RT @APCforChange: Me, I go vote, #iWillVoteAPC! Show off your PVC with a #PVCselfie. Tweet &amp;/or mail photos to reasons@apcforchange.com htt… I just supported #NigeriaDecides: #iWillVoteAPC on @ThunderclapIt // @APCforChange http://t.co/tundsImp1h RT @ActNowng: Again, if you are just joining us, this is what it means to #DeliverYourStreet. Check poster below. http://t.co/xx88hd0z0r RT @StateCraftInc: TVC Campaign Rollout: Who would you trust with your life? #GMB15 #StateCraft https://t.co/qLT83bCcM7 RT @GMBOffice: We will be taking a rest today and will resume the #APCTownHall in the days ahead. #GMB15 RT @StateCraftInc: As you go to vote in 10 days, remember this. #IsThisTransformation. http://t.co/EW8AvTze1l RT @eggheader: #GMB on @KFayemi: "A very competent intellectual who we depend on immensely" #KanoTownHall RT @eggheader: In continuation of the town hall engagements, #APC Presidential candidate, General Muhammadu Buhari is… http://t.co/Yt9bD5W0… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail they wave they waves their brooms back @ThisIsBuhari #Gombe #APCRally http://t.co/Mfj6LNw2rW RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail the crowd always listen intently as @ThisIsBuhari speaks and responds at ever call #APCRally http://t.co/d9… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail they want to see him, they want to hear him, well @ThisIsBuhari is ready #Gombe #APCRally http://t.co/mU4BL… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail the #Emir looks young, reminds me of the visit to Eze of Imo @ThisIsBuhari #Gombe #APCRally http://t.co/13K… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail what @ThisIsBuhari met at the #Emirs palace #Gombe #APCRally http://t.co/J3YVqH1dYs RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Once @ThisIsBuhari gets thru this, they go ballistic #Gombe #APCRally http://t.co/a0J9F7r1vZ RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Courtesy @lolashoneyin the streets are hot for @ThisIsBuhari in #Gombe today #APCRally http://t.co/qtHN88K8… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail they wait patiently for @ThisIsBuhari #Gombe #APCRally http://t.co/PCrrSTZq9O RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari in Gombe #APCRally http://t.co/kUOu3WY7c4 RT @lolashoneyin: Kashim Shettima of Borno State is at the airport when we arrive, to greet @ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/p7EwKN0LQK RT @lolashoneyin: At the airport, Gov Kashim Shettima of Borni state has come to Gombe to say hello to @ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/EYEpi9lqJt RT @lolashoneyin: And @ThisIsBuhari dash for the airport before the multitude troop out of the venue. Same road traveled earlier. http://t.… RT @lolashoneyin: APC chairman John Oyegun hands the flag to the APC guber candidate Inuwa Yahaya. http://t.co/UE7NKebx7o RT @lolashoneyin: Umaru Kumo Waziri in Gombe State. http://t.co/hOjZPGTS0G RT @lolashoneyin: Here you have it, folks- the APC, @ThisIsBuhari supporters in Gombe State. http://t.co/uJXwi098zQ RT @lolashoneyin: This Emir of Gombe says goodbye. http://t.co/jxvhmXBAsZ RT @lolashoneyin: So we finally make it to the gate of the Emir's palace. http://t.co/HxkhVncZxy RT @lolashoneyin: First @ThisIsBuhari talks about what APC will do for Nigeria. Then the Emir of Gombe responds. http://t.co/1ceRgJpdk0 RT @lolashoneyin: the moment that @ThisIsBuhari meets the Emir of Gombe. And then we are seated in the palace. http://t.co/gtSKN5HtRh RT @lolashoneyin: And we haven't even got to the rally yet! http://t.co/Fs92Oj9HKM RT @lolashoneyin: Crowd is going nuts! Yes, you guessed right. He's waving! http://t.co/FQjyJiKB58 RT @lolashoneyin: Everywhere we go, it's 'Baba Oyoyo' for @ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/oItWJH8zIP RT @lolashoneyin: I am trying to get a shot that will show you the massive self- convened welcome party. Zoom into the second photo. http:/… RT @lolashoneyin: Hello Gombe State! http://t.co/sDayYI7D5u RT @lolashoneyin: Hello Gombe State! What a warm and wonderful welcome for @ThisIsBuhari! http://t.co/TEPfzIJHJF RT @StateCraftInc: This is what the world is saying about Nigeria. #IsThisTransformation #StateCraft http://t.co/aRqjnh2RVa RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail we face the usual struggle to get out amidst chants if #BabaOyoyo ... #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/ybofgvL8Hl RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail this is the home of #MrsAishaBuhari so @ThisIsBuhari is indeed home #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/1xAJebeC5g RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @atiku &amp; @ThisIsBuhari present Sen. Bido again as the Governorship candidate #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/fg… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail many of them just wish to sight @ThisIsBuhari .... #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/6RGbbSpP0p RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail The Turakin @atiku enjoys massive love from his people #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/JAVUnKrI3d RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari @atiku greet the people #Yola #APCRally the energy level shoots up. http://t.co/vRqVMGq2gE RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Senatorial flag bearers. #Hon.BintaMasiGarba is one #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/Q2HrKosAnF RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail sea of heads.... #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/jdQiZtuxQE RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Senator Bindo receives the Governorship mandate #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/tUBIPpA8II RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Governorship Flag bearer #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/MAKPwsqLkG RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Here is a part Pano view #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/3EEVbvGZIB RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #ChiefJohnOyegun and the women leaders #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/hcuHUlMFjS RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail this is what I see...... #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/C8s91D1xbD RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari finds some shade. #APCRally http://t.co/iE9bBEHBNL RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail It's all so full can't find any space to go for an aerial #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/cmKw9WmcxO RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail really hot in #Yola, @ThisIsBuhari grabs some water #APCRally http://t.co/SqjGeunH4n RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail really sunny out here in #tYola @DebolaLagos &amp; @ThisIsBuhari rise for the anthem #APCRally http://t.co/p4iE… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #MrsAishaBuhari is here to support @ThisIsBuhari #APCRally http://t.co/G9hP8sXEML RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail in the square! #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/rbEOH0DNlW RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail read the lips, #Baba #Baba #BabaOyoyo #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/3E34GcI9MF RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail screams of #Change, #BabaOyoyo as we struggle through the crowd #APCRally http://t.co/QB7aQNfhoL RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail can't wait to get an aerial view #Yola #APCRally http://t.co/jffzE4hLAk RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail getting into the #RibaduSquare #APCRally http://t.co/BB93J1UeV4 RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail can you see them at the rooftops? 4:44PM we get closer to the venue #APCRally http://t.co/5Vq896aTQf RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail I see more @StateCraftInc materials of @ThisIsBuhari #APCRally http://t.co/w4z63jeIcQ RT @lolashoneyin: Off we go to Abuja. Bye-bye Adamawa! It's been real! Thanks to @atiku for a wonderful outing. http://t.co/2baLq7sEpW RT @lolashoneyin: Female senatorial APC candidate, Binta Masi. http://t.co/4P44DuHlhU RT @lolashoneyin: Female senatorial APC candidate, Binta Masi. http://t.co/PbN6b3nMpS RT @lolashoneyin: Honorable Kanu Sumaila, deputy minority leader in the House of Rep models the Adamawa wear for me. http://t.co/wOVRkyTTpd RT @lolashoneyin: APC chairman hands over flag to APC guber candidate for Adamawa-- Senator Bindo. And the crowd says, 'Yes, please!' http:… RT @lolashoneyin: APC chairman John Oyegun gets crowd going with 'APC?' Love Adamawa traditional wear. Handwoven cloth w indigo cap. http:/… RT @lolashoneyin: APC chairman John Oyegun gets crowd going with 'APC?' Love Adamawa traditional wear. Handwoven cloth w indigo cap. http:/… RT @lolashoneyin: Fr VP Atiku Abubakar gets a massive cheer. This is home for him. Turaki Adamawa! Starts with 'Nigeria, Sai Buhari!' http:… RT @lolashoneyin: Without a doubt the man of the moment, @ThisIsBuhari arrives. It gets hectic, yo! http://t.co/GOfPtzxUhm RT @lolashoneyin: List of praise for former VP Atiku Abubakar. http://t.co/4MBsXWkT9F RT @lolashoneyin: One of my followers found me! He's wearing white and his name is Abdulmumuni! What's your Twitter handle? Lovely! http://… RT @lolashoneyin: More images of the crowd in Adamawa State http://t.co/F1Wh2obXuI RT @lolashoneyin: Ok. Sadly couldn't make it to the palace but I am here at the Mahmud Ribadu sq in Yola. Crowd is very lively. http://t.co… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari ThisIsBuhari is welcomed back from space work as he descends into the bus  #APCRally http://t… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail we begin to make our way to town and yes the people are out in numbers cc @ThisIsBuhari #APCRally http://t.… RT @GMBVolunteers: Join our final push for volunteers:

http://t.co/OkzR1AARac

#GMB15 #ThingsMustChange RT @AO1379: My favourite picture of @ProfOsinbajo from the dinner. He's finally comfortable with the attention :) http://t.co/V4SArm7K8Z Dear @LolaShoneyin, I was deeply humbled by this piece. I promise you will be proud of your country again - GMB. http://t.co/3Kd54PsggV RT @StateCraftInc: Hello, Nigeria. #Change is here this February. #gmb15 http://t.co/ijRFHyUekb RT @lolashoneyin: Senator Hadi Sirika introduces @ThisIsBuhari @ProfOsinbajo and the entourage to the Emir. http://t.co/7KIoHveYsq RT @lolashoneyin: It's a carnival out here so we're inching closer to the palace of the Emir of Bauchi.baba Oyoyo! http://t.co/hdvvn44pS8 RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail some light here, slightly clearer photos. Still enroute the #Palace #Bauchi #APCRally http://t.co/fW4NNUU0Wd RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail with the crowd around the bus, we might be better off walking! #APCRally http://t.co/ardAZxx1k7 RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Gov. #RotimiAmaechi ask' bus to halt, Deputy woman leader almost stranded. He always has a way of finding e… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail each word from @ThisIsBuhari and they scream with huge excitement #APCRally http://t.co/OSMDo7txs2 RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail they call him their father, he goes to them like sons. They continue to chant #BabaOyoyo #APCRally http://t… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari @ProfOsinbajo @ChibuikeAmaechi #Bauchi #APCRally http://t.co/gxSYPbjSh5 RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Governorship Mandate  received #Bauchi #APCRally http://t.co/CTeQKlYS6W RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail high energy #APCRally http://t.co/C5LSlYZZnC RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail 7:10 we finally make it into the venue #Bauchi #APCRally http://t.co/5QSj8jNgmC RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail flag on one hand, broom on the other @ThisIsBuhari waves to an overjoyed crowd #Bauchi #APCRally http://t.c… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail just wow. #Bauchi #APCRally http://t.co/fRTrImfZMS RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail 6:56 PM and still struggling to get through the crowd. With @ThisIsBuhari up there, not soon #APCRally http… RT @lolashoneyin: A few more photos now network is back. http://t.co/DZNy3TJgFd RT @lolashoneyin: @aminugamawa Thanks so much! We're trying to make our way to the stadium. This is what we're facing. http://t.co/LzRCRLmn… RT @DebolaLagos: @TahirTalba @dawisu @Fallyhamu we are coming! http://t.co/ufq5J2AM93 RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail #Bauchi see you soon #APCRally http://t.co/atD3YiI2dn RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Se'anjuma #Ilorin 4:36. #Bauchi calls. #APCRally http://t.co/OznGsmlvu6 RT @lolashoneyin: @ThisIsBuhari @ProfOsinbajo talk to the great people of Kwara. @bukolasaraki http://t.co/OkaIkkZXlQ RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @bukolasaraki man of the people, chooses to walk with his own &amp; that clears the rd #APCRally http://t.co/vX… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail 3:26 #Departure #lockdown @ThisIsBuhari @ProfOsinbajo #APCRally http://t.co/G2pyMdAFjL RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail the man of the moment : @ThisIsBuhari ...... Cc @ProfOsinbajo #APCRally http://t.co/vpXmnwfqgo RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail "Day of destiny, February 14 2015"- @ProfOsinbajo #APCRally http://t.co/fTVxsa3AbH RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail finally @ThisIsBuhari and @ProfOsinbajo #APCRally http://t.co/9g4EIccjBc RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail Gov. Abulfatai Ahmed gets the mandate for a 2nd term #APCRally http://t.co/zmr5Cj0TB5 RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @bukolasaraki enjoys love as he dances #Dorobucci with the crowd. Still a man of his people #APCRally http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @raufaregbesola takes the stage and begins with his trademark singing "ojoro mi jo, on jo" #APCRally http:/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail He @AsiwajuTinubu always causes a storm! How do I put videos directly on here?? #APCRally http://t.co/OmMiV… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail the crowd agrees with Gov. #RotimiAmaechi they want #Change. He promises change will come #APCRally http://… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail the usual must be done, introductions &amp; welcome! @ThisIsBuhari, @ProfOsinbajo @bukolasaraki #APCRally http:… RT @lolashoneyin: This is what the crowd in Kwara looks like now. @ThisIsBuhari  Unbelievable! http://t.co/k6MGfj5L2M RT @lolashoneyin: Yep,@bukolasaraki should be dancing! Kwara turned up! Massive crowd, fantastic vibe! http://t.co/zqS8IqYuyU RT @lolashoneyin: Gov Aregbesola of Osun tears the place up with his prayers and songs. http://t.co/dwHPIG2DJF RT @lolashoneyin: Gov. Aregbesola of Osun State. Gov Rotimi Amaechi addresses adoring crowd. Then Jagaban really gets then going. http://t.… RT @lolashoneyin: Who's in Kwara State? @ThisIsBuhari, @ProfOsinbajo, Rotimi Amaechi, the Jagaban. http://t.co/QdpVhHuSp8 RT @lolashoneyin: Kwara for @ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/cAaMx6p7uk RT @lolashoneyin: And @ThisIsBuhari is here! Crowd goes wild! http://t.co/sTavpabrJf RT @lolashoneyin: If you zoom in, you'll how people just keep trooping in to support @ThisIsBuhari in Kwara State. http://t.co/nWYEA5HpAA RT @lolashoneyin: And KWAM1 is here to provide entertainment. He was in Ibadan, Lagos and now he's here in Kwara. ❤️ http://t.co/Pie43Ozbcl RT @lolashoneyin: Kwara for @ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/m3mjL5V59D RT @GMBOffice: Hello Nigeria. The #APCRally will hold today in Kwara State. Follow @GMBVolunteers for updates. #GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: .@profosinbajo recalling his experience at a period in his life about Somalia. #APCfundRaiser #GMB15 http://t.co/YUH7fkA… RT @GMBVolunteers: It's a calm atmosphere here with lots of Professionals and Business Leaders in attendance. #APCfundRaiser http://t.co/0s… RT @lolashoneyin: Comrade Gov, My people, my governor, line up of 1st and 2nd  families. http://t.co/moF5ziSAVN RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ProfOsinbajo wonders if @ThisIsBuhari got any rest. He laughs as he assures him, not yet #APCRally http://… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari and @ProfOsinbajo arrives #OrientalLagos #APCRally http://t.co/QJAGTYk6Ei RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail it's nvr stops 😢 #Youth #FundraisingDinner for @ThisIsBuhari &amp; @ProfOsinbajo #OrientalLagos #APCRally http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari couldn't wait to get out of d heavy Aso Oke. He had teased it's an armourtank #APCRally http:… RT @StateCraftInc: Is this Transformation? #ThingsMustChange #StateCraft http://t.co/7ri5M416Ad RT @StateCraftInc: This was Lagos today. Nigeria is ready for #Change. http://t.co/5HZZE589xv RT @lolashoneyin: Mrs Aisha Buhari speaks. http://t.co/KIW0sCE7Oz RT @lolashoneyin: At the APC Lagos rally. http://t.co/5ccZbVr7Ay RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @tundefashola continues to demonstrate his hosting skills as we r presented sumptuous lunch #APCRally http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @tundefashola was the conductor this time and effectively ensured everyone got on the bus. #APCRally http:/… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail sorry for the break. Don't know what happened to my ever reliable #Etisalat at the stadium #APCRally RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail @ThisIsBuhari speaks on Security, Employment, Industry, Power and more #APCRally http://t.co/tQ1cqfAHAl RT @GMBOffice: @MObanikoro Kindly refrain from spreading falsehoods. GMB passed through the streets of Lagos freely &amp; openly. He was not st… RT @lolashoneyin: Asiwaju gives the vote of thanks and busts a move with fgov Oyinlola, to @ThisIsBuhari's amusement. http://t.co/SliUvGntey RT @lolashoneyin: lagos's Oba Rilwan Akinolu responds to @ThisIsBuhari, 'Lagos isn't PH. Noone shd come 2 Lagos w/ sinister motives!' http:… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail 12:11 and we heading out of the #Palace #APCRally http://t.co/lRt7QhPquk RT @GMBOffice: Hello Nigeria. The #APCRally will hold in Lagos State today at the Teslim Balogun Stadium. Follow @GMBVolunteers for updates… RT @StateCraftInc: @ThisIsBuhari and #TeamGMB get set to take Lagos this morning. #GMB15 http://t.co/pYaW5AVbVH RT @GMBVolunteers: The APC Fund Raiser Gala will hold in Lagos today. To make reservations, call 08140171806 &amp; 08022000223. #GMB15 http://t… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail People in the homes of opposition LabourParty are seen with brooms screaming #SaiBuhari #APCRally http://t.… RT @GMBVolunteers: "I trust Yemi Osinbajo. He's absolutely reliable. A trustworthy man" ~Pastor E.A. Adeboye http://t.co/Z602IIXvLG #GMB15 RT @ProfOsinbajo: A very, very politically aware people, are the people of Ibadan. Magnificent support. Thank you.
#Change
http://t.co/BfSz… RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail we finally arrive at the #Palace by 7:15 #APCRally http://t.co/tr0DuT32KW RT @lolashoneyin: On our way to pay a courtesy visit to the Olubadan of Ibadan, Dr Samuel Odulana Odugade. http://t.co/GiFkkax0s7 RT @ProfOsinbajo: The @ThisIsBuhari interview will be aired on TVC at 9 pm while I'll be on STV's "Head-to-Head" from 9:30 pm. Watch us, if… RT @StateCraftInc: @DebolaLagos @LolaShoneyin and Hon @AbikeDabiri are ready for victory:) #Edo #APCRally #GMB15 http://t.co/ZtM3wyUTdC RT @DebolaLagos: #CampaignTrail The man of the moment @ThisIsBuhari takes the stage and the ever smiling VP @ProfOsinbajo #APCRally http://… RT @GMBVolunteers: After the warm reception at the airport, we move on for the business of the day. #APCRally #GMB15 http://t.co/DxeVYjMbib RT @GMBVolunteers: Live from Ibadan. #APCRally #GMB15 http://t.co/TLz1F9ZRP7 RT @GMBVolunteers: Join our final push for Volunteers!#GMB15 http://t.co/NdIFzcAdx2 RT @GMBVolunteers: APC Fund Raising Gala. | 30th January, 2015. To make reservations, call: 08140171806 and 08098485213. #GMB15 http://t.co… RT @princelurvy: @lolashoneyin Ibadan awaits the coming of the People's General
#APC http://t.co/GkQLah6qIR RT @lolashoneyin: Okay! Edo State, are you ready for @ThisIsBuhari? We're on our way. From there, we're heading to Ibadan Mesiogo. http://t… RT @GMBOffice: Hello Nigeria. The #APCRally will hold in Oyo and Edo States today. Follow @GMBVolunteers for updates. #GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: APC Fund Raising Gala. | 30th January, 2015.
To make reservations, call: 08140171806 and 08098485213.
#GMB15 http://t.co… RT @StateCraftInc: @AlAminGamandi and our other #Jos volunteers have been busy. #GMB15 http://t.co/TpFgQXEiY6 RT @yusufabdullah20: #GMB15 @taraba apc rally http://t.co/198a5k8xa5 RT @Sara__Firth: Brilliant photos by @lolashoneyin of today's massive campaign rally for main opposition party #APC in #Taraba state http:/… RT @trueNija: @atiku with other APC supporters receiving @ThisIsBuhari in Jalingo Taraba http://t.co/xFzQ1opK4d RT @pdbraide: 1st female Gov may be from Taraba NE, Nigeria RT @lolashoneyin Hajia Aisha Alhassan recieving APC flag http://t.co/f7wQNXQPGX… RT @lolashoneyin: Hajia Aisha Alhassan, receiving the APC flag, female gubernatorial candidate from Taraba State, NE Nigeria. Amazing! http… RT @DeleMomodu: The APC Rally in Taraba is intimidating... http://t.co/j5SbyjLj3H RT @StateCraftInc: TVC Campaign Rollout: Is This Transformation? (WATCH) #StateCraft #GMB15 https://t.co/9Z3eGanHeF RT @GMBOffice: Hello Nigeria. The #APCRally continues today as we touch down in Taraba State. Follow @GMBVolunteers for updates. #GMB15 RT @gbengasesan: If a man cannot manage good times, how can he manage bad times? Vote out the GEJ Administration #isThisTransformation http… RT @GMBVolunteers: APC Fund Raising Gala. | 30th January, 2015.
To make reservations, call: 08140171806 and 08098485213.
#GMB15 http://t.co… RT @NGYouths4Change: APC raises the alarm over fresh moves to scuttle 2015 elections http://t.co/OvpNFkThQy @DOlusegun @GbengaGOLD @Musadiq… RT @GMBVolunteers: Our country is diversely resourced. It is imperative dt d ryt infrastructures are established. And govt is focused. - BRF RT @toluogunlesi: Nigeria cannot grow beyond its infrastructure, says Gov @TundeFashola #IHaveDecided RT @StateCraftInc: From Lekki to Itedo and Ikate in the Eti-OSA LGA, our #GMBVolunteers hit the streets today. #GMB15 http://t.co/6uC87m7Jnq RT @StateCraftInc: In our daily push, #GMBVolunteers in Kaduna hit the streets today. #GMB15 #ThingsMustChange http://t.co/spgDvWoti9 RT @OccupyNaija: Google Hangout with @tundefashola &amp; @ProfOsinbajo We are live https://t.co/oc4ySWcAKG RT @toluogunlesi: APC VP cand @ProfOsinbajo says #Nigeria needs to penalise corruption to create enabling environment for entrepreneurship … RT @GMBVolunteers: "Fighting corruption &amp; developn good work policy for social service &amp; eatablishn just one approval body for bizs" PYO ht… RT @AO1379: Here's the link to the APC Google hangout on job creation | http://t.co/jWpxrWeIFn RT @toluogunlesi: Listen to #Nigeria opposition Vice Pres candidate @ProfOsinbajo and the Gov of Lagos State @tundefashola #LIVE https://t.… RT @speaklagos: Nigeria can't afford 4 more years of Goodluck Jonathan. Nigeria needs a leader. RT @speaklagos: Meet Buhari &amp; Osinbajo @APCFundraisingDinner ds Friday.Call 08140171806/08059915997 to purchase tickets http://t.co/K1a5dfX… RT @speaklagos: Call 08140171806 or 08059915997 to purchase tickets for GMBPYO FundRaising Dinner 30Jan http://t.co/K1a5dfXTuT @DeleMomodu … RT @StateCraftInc: In response to Prof. Charles Soludo, @kfayemi lays out the urgent APC vision to save Nigeria. http://t.co/h1ZcxKuJ9X RT @ProfOsinbajo: A campaign works because of the tireless efforts of volunteers and the voluntary donations we get...
#Change http://t.co/… RT @GMBVolunteers: Apply to be a GMBVolunteer. We'll connect you with volunteers in ur area. Send email with your name &amp; location to buhari… RT @ProfOsinbajo: We will be discussing the APC's plan to get Nigeria working again, with Nigerians everywhere. Things must...
#Change http… RT @ProfOsinbajo: You can join the discussion here:
http://t.co/FiVyrRgjzm
...and the event will be streamed live.
#Change http://t.co/OkDT… RT @GMBVolunteers: Barack Obama's verdict on GEJ: Not effective. http://t.co/y2y2WxuyV8 RT @kfayemi: "The change that APC propose is fundamental in many ways as it is critical to the very survival of our country." ~ @kfayemi @kfayemi, who heads our Policy Directorate answers the questions. This is how we will drive the #Change Nigeria needs http://t.co/i6cV8m8JqM RT @revolution_ng: @rabiusm @scarfizal Christian Igbos saying SaiBuhari. Pushing past decades of ethnic and religious division. To that I s… RT @GMBVolunteers: The candidate &amp; his campaign do not whip up religious sentiments for votes. We continue to focus on the ideas and issues… RT @GMBVolunteers: Please disregard any rumours about @ThisIsBuhari insulting Bishop Oyedepo, Pastor Adeboye or any religious leaders. #GMB… RT @ProfOsinbajo: Silverbird Television have informed us that they had technical issues. Hopefully, the @ThisIsBuhari interview will be air… RT @temiokomi: "If you get 80% of your youths unemployed, your country is in trouble..."
- General Muhammadu Buhari;  STV... RT @temiokomi: "How can you say the economy is doing well when two-thirds of the country is starving?"
- General Muhammadu Buhari; STV. RT @temiokomi: "We fought a 30-month furious civil war without borrowing a kobo. Now, to battle riff-raffs in the NW, the Govt. wants $1 Bi… RT @temiokomi: "Do you have faith in Nigerian troops to curb insurgency?"

"Of course! That's their constitutional duty..."
-  General Muha… RT @ProfOsinbajo: Switch to Silverbird Television now, for the @ThisIsBuhari interview...
#Change RT @GbengaGOLD: Nigeria is one of the most difficult places to do business because of corruption - @ProfOsinbajo #CSRNigeria RT @ActNowng: That look when you have made up your mind to #DeliverYourStreet 
#CSRNigeria http://t.co/0t365nH1SR RT @GbengaGOLD: General Buhari will lead the war on Boko Haram from the front - @ProfOsinbajo #CSRNigeria http://t.co/3KOeXHyGtF RT @GMBVolunteers: #CommonsenseRevolution #CSRNigeria #GMB15 #CountDownToChange http://t.co/w7NJotfCWA RT @GMBVolunteers: APC Fund Raising Gala | 30th January, 2015. #IHaveDecided #CSRNigeria #GMB15 http://t.co/vppYid0U1C RT @gbengasesan: Contribute to Buhari.NG by sending facts, historical information, etc, via http://t.co/2rNKXJiatR. Follow @1babse #GMB15 #… RT @gbengasesan: Buhari.NG is scouring the web, literature for vital information on @ThisIsBuhari. Help populate the website by sending you… RT @ahmed_gajo: It was an honour to have met with @ProfOsinbajo today! #IHaveDecided come #feBuhari14 @ThisIsBuhari @GMBVolunteers http://t… RT @GMBVolunteers: Read GMB facts from http://t.co/8Y1dTolBT6. Help show &amp; explain these facts to a vulcanizer, tailor, barber, bricklayer … RT @GMBVolunteers: Fortune, a GMBVolunteer rep. addressing the people at the #iHaveDecided meeting with @ProfOsinbajo. #GMB15 http://t.co/t… RT @GMBVolunteers: As we take the National Anthem. #iHaveDecided with @ProfOsinbajo. #GMB15 http://t.co/135n3szKyw RT @StateCraftInc: The next president of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, @ThisIsBuhari is meeting with the US Secretary of State today, Jo… RT @lolashoneyin: @ThisIsBuhari meets John Kerry, US Sec of State with APC chairman John Oyegun, Asiwaju and Gov Rotimi Amaechi present htt… RT @lolashoneyin: @ThisIsBuhari meets and chats with John Kerry, US Secretary of State. http://t.co/XYWqQ30peb GMB is presently meeting with the United States Secretary of State, John Kerry. #Change #GMB15 #ThisIsBuhari RT @ProfOsinbajo: So. To show appreciation, I will, God willing, meet with the volunteers of #IHaveDecided tomorrow.
#Change http://t.co/bH… RT @ProfOsinbajo: The amount of work the young people of #IHaveDecided are putting into #Change is amazing. Thank you. http://t.co/gpzLhdtX… Change is almost here, fellow Nigerians. We can all feel it coming. #ThingsMustChange - GMB. I again call on security agencies to promptly arrest and prosecute all those found guilty of violence in any form. This is an urgent duty. Elections are not war. Politics is not a battle. Violence and hate speech by supporters of any of the candidates is not acceptable. As I have continued to repeat at rallies and in the media, it is our collective responsibility to ensure campaigns remain peaceful. The only effective way to register our rejection of the present failure in governance is to vote peacefully and protect our votes peacefully Good morning my friends, as our message of #Change continues to sweep around the country; we re-iterate our call against violence - GMB RT @GMBOffice: Hello, Nigeria. The #APCRally will hold in Ekiti and Ondo States today. Follow @GMBVolunteers for updates. #GMB15 RT @DOlusegun: Buhari repeats his call against violence in elections - this time, in Hausa. Listen here https://t.co/l3Y6U1lXal #GMB15 RT @Yadomah: Please GEJ also should release a video/audio against violence in his dialect. Let us all preach against it in our mother tongu… RT @toluogunlesi: Just so we don't forget: #Nigeria courts closed; government hospitals barely open; judicial &amp; health workers on strike si… RT @chairmanNHRC: Free expression is human right but it doesn't protect #Hatespeech. Article 20(2) of the ICCPR whch is law in Nigeria says… RT @chairmanNHRC: Crimes related to #Hatespeech &amp; election violence are found in Sections 94-102 of the #ElectoralAct #NoHateSpeechNG RT @chairmanNHRC: There're laws that define, prohibit &amp; punish #hatespeech in campaigns in Nigeria, especially the #ElectoralAct. #NoHateSp… RT @omojuwa: I have my PVC. I nominate @je_mc2 @gbengasesan &amp; @chairmanNHRC to #TweetYourPVC http://t.co/gUaeTPH7lQ @Lahjussi @uniosunAMEBOR Thank you!:) We hope you have your PVC though? #ThingsMustChange RT @GMBOffice: A relentless week of #Change continues tomorrow. We return to the South-West - Ondo and Ekiti. #GMB15 Please join the #IHaveDecidedmovement. Take a photo, wear a T-shirt, and sign up to volunteer for change on http://t.co/PUiiCqH3MP RT @gbengasesan: Nigeria is ready! From Kano to Osun, Ogun to Jigawa and Akwa Ibom, #ThingsMustChange! @ThisIsBuhari @ProfOsinbajo http://t… RT @alashock: I swept 4 Change cos I believe Buhari wld sweep away corruption &amp; Insecurity. Cc: @GMBVolunteers
#greendayforchange http://t.… RT @GMBVolunteers: It is 23 days to #Change. Your business will be better off with stable electricity. Get your PVC, &amp; Vote. 3GMB15 http://… RT @GMBVolunteers: It is #GreenDayForChange. Sweep your environment with your friends, neighbours &amp; family in support of #Change. #GMB15 ht… RT @GMBVolunteers: It is #GreenDayForChange. Spend only 5mins to commit ur good wishes for Nigeria to God in support of #Change. #GMB15 htt… RT @GMBVolunteers: It is #GreenDayForChange. Wear a touch of Green in support of #Change. Help someone do somethng significnt too #GMB15 ht… RT @GMBVolunteers: Here's an infographic on how to make donations to the Buhari Campaign Organization. #ContributeToChange #GMB15 http://t.… RT @ogundamisi: .@ThisisBuhari , MULTPLE PHOTOS BY Cable NG APC in Katsina http://t.co/Oz2Af5AgwA via @thecableng RT @GMBOffice: Hello, Nigeria. The #APCRally will hold in Sokoto and Kebbi States today. Follow @GMBVolunteers for updates. #GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: The #APCRally is currently holding in Zamfara. GMB is still very strong even after a very long journey. #GMB15 http://t.… RT @Gov_Yari: #GMBinZAMFARA http://t.co/sRQWyEpGim RT @GMBVolunteers: It is very dark here in Zamfara already but the people are still very much around and happy. #GMB15 http://t.co/AKRErHgQ… RT @Yariman_Bungudu: Sai Baba Buhari http://t.co/l3sNaPiUpz RT @Gov_Yari: SAI BABA BUHARI #GMBinZAMFARA http://t.co/r3kQXuPejH RT @ORONSofGOD: @GMBVolunteers Campaign ground at past 11pm? This is no more a campaign, it is clearly a MOVEMENT! #Change is inevitable #G… RT @GMBVolunteers: Yes, it's past 11pm. People had been waiting since morning. They deserve the honor. #GMB15 #APCRally http://t.co/406BC17… RT @GMBOffice: We appreciate the people of Katsina and Zamfara States for the love they showed to us today and for turning out in great num… RT @speaklagos: Katsina gathers for Buhari Osinbajo rally happening now via @A_Maleeqb http://t.co/DUewBqqvKy RT @ogundamisi: 100 Reasons To Support The Buhari/Osinbajo Ticket | http://t.co/bg6orsovnd RT @ogundamisi: VIDEO: The Buhari Nigerians Dont Know - Halima Buhari Speaks: http://t.co/0pVsV67tHC via @YouTube RT @GMBVolunteers: Can we move on now? #GMB15 #CountdownToChange http://t.co/9FvmxGPPxO RT @GMBVolunteers: Print out of the Cambridge result sheet showing results of GMB. Includes Yar'Adua's result too. #GMB15 http://t.co/1tCka… RT @GMBVolunteers: GMB's Statement of Result.
View here: http://t.co/87W5PmhUxI #GMB15 RT @Shangudar: Katsina polo ground at the moment, massive crowd photo credit -@Suleman_SB   http://t.co/mhLNnJg5js RT @GMBVolunteers: GMB at the Emir of Katsina's palace. #GMB15 #APCRally http://t.co/rbE3d9jG5a RT @bukolasaraki: This pictures of APC campaign rally going on in Kano, is 4 those PHCN is depriving of the opportunity to watch on Tv http… RT @GMBOffice: 20/ General Muhammadu Buhari RT @GMBOffice: 19/ Thank you very much. RT @GMBOffice: 18/ ...the retention of power at all costs. RT @GMBOffice: 17/ ...pervasive official corruption which has impoverished our people and the lack of concern of the government of anything… RT @GMBOffice: 16/ ...years ago. The issues are the scandalous level of unemployment of millions of our young people, the state of insecuri… RT @GMBOffice: 15/ And although the ruling party may want to wish this away, the issue in this campaign cannot be my certificate which I ob… RT @GMBOffice: 14/ My examination number was 8280002, and I passed the examination in the Second Division. RT @GMBOffice: 13/ ...1961, the year we graduated. RT @GMBOffice: 12/ ...Umaru Abdullahi, a former President of the Court of Appeal. We sat for the University of Cambridge/WASC Examination t… RT @GMBOffice: 11/ ...with many prominent Nigerians, including General Shehu Yar'Adua, former chief of staff at the Supreme Headquarters, a… RT @GMBOffice: 10/ However, before we obtain that, let me say for the record that I attended Provincial Secondary School, Katsina. I gradua… RT @GMBOffice: 9/ ...available to the Press the moment this is available. RT @GMBOffice: 8/ Katsina] to make available the school's copy of the result of the Cambridge/West African School Certificate. This will be… RT @GMBOffice: 7/ This is why I formally requested my old school, the Provincial Secondary School, Katsina [Which is now known as Governmen… RT @GMBOffice: 6/ ...we are now told that although a record of the result is available, there are no copies of the certificates in my perso… RT @GMBOffice: 5/ I had assumed all along that all my records were in the custody of the Military Secretary of the Nigerian Army. Much to m… RT @GMBOffice: 4/ ...considered it an issue worth the Nation's while. RT @GMBOffice: 3/ ...Nigerians that that the issue be addressed. Otherwise, I would have dismissed it for what it is - sheer mischief and w… RT @GMBOffice: 2/ I only consented to address you this morning because of the genuine concern expressed by many supporters and other well-m… RT @GMBOffice: 1/ Good Morning, Gentlemen of the Press. RT @GMBOffice: GMB is in Kano, currently addressing journalists on the questions raised on his educational certificates. #GMB15 http://t.co… RT @aligthebaptist: Pls inform anyone who wants 2be part of d Coalition4Change to send their contact to gmbvolunteers@gmail.com #GMB15 http… RT @aligthebaptist: A nation as blessed as #Nigeria should always be green, that was the dream of our founding fathers #Nigeria #GMB15 http… RT @aligthebaptist: Our flag is not just green white green for aesthetics #Nigeria is supposed to be Pure and Prosperous #GMB15 http://t.co… RT @ProfOsinbajo: Wherever you are...RT @aloeda01: @ProfOsinbajo venue sir RT @ProfOsinbajo: No concerts, no speeches, no cost. Nigeria deserves to be great. We will be great again.
#Change http://t.co/wPtFWjSTCE RT @ProfOsinbajo: The premise is simple: we all love Nigeria. So, wear a touch of green on Thursday to show your support.
#Change http://t.… RT @ProfOsinbajo: Good morning, Nigeria. Remember the Coalition 4 Change's "Green Day For Change" happening on Thursday...
#Change http://t… RT @NaijaHistory: This what the crowd at today's #Kano @ThisIsBuhari rally looks like. Screenshots from @channelstv's live broadcast. http:… RT @Yemz_Olu: See how the people of Kano welcomed Buhari and Osinbajo to Kano today #GMB15 #APCRally Kano http://t.co/D2rGQGVxYb we all nee… RT @bdental01: #live from kano #APC mage rally http://t.co/Mwxe4ExC4u RT @Nigerianey: Over 1 million people receive Buhari in Kano
http://t.co/gIcGYdqFZf
@APCNigeria 
@ThisIsBuhari RT @Kwankwaso2015: Inside the venue of #APC presidential rally in #Kano at Sani Abacha Stadium, Kano http://t.co/2J1SAHemRQ RT @GMBVolunteers: You have to be here to feel it. All of Jigawa for GMB+PYO. #GMB15 #APCRally http://t.co/B3UnwptOz2 RT @gbengasesan: I love my country, I no go lie!

#FeBuhar14 #ThingsMustChange #GMB15 http://t.co/Y8ohg5B1H1 RT @speaklagos: See how the people of Kano welcomed Buhari and Osinbajo to Kano today #GMB15 #APCRally Kano http://t.co/Olxsz3xyPW" RT @Access2Adam: @lolashoneyin Kano earlier today courtesy of @Shangudar http://t.co/nts1cxrYqE RT @NGYouths4Change: Change in kano: Massive crowd outside Kano airport #GMBinKano #GMB15 http://t.co/upGOryF9UX" RT @NGYouths4Change: Change in  kano: Massive crowd outside Kano airport awaiting the arrival of the People's General #GMBinKano #GMB15 htt… RT @atiku: Change, to me, is a government that knows it is accountable to citizens. What does change mean to you? RT @lolashoneyin: Images of the @ThisIsBuhari supporters. http://t.co/p9Su59iP7j RT @yongexsegzy: Omo c crowd!!!@Itimi1: @lolashoneyin  @elrufai @MusadiqZ @ThisIsBuhari @DeleMomodu The Abraham Lincoln of our Time! http:… RT @GMBVolunteers: APC delegates from Kano receiving the campaign team at the Airport. #GMB15 #APCRally #CountdownToChange http://t.co/eJ56… RT @GMBVolunteers: It is 25 days to #Change. #CountdownToChange #GMB15 http://t.co/gqajKp3PxP RT @GMBVolunteers: Sai Buhari! Sai Buhari! Kano is steaming with exceeding gladness already! #GMB15 #APCRally #CountdownToChange http://t.c… RT @GMBVolunteers: Awaiting GMB. #APCRally #GMB15 #CountdownToChange http://t.co/a8v4Jr5W5w RT @bukolasaraki: We have decided to vote @ThisIsBuhari and @profOsinbajo Have you? #IHavedecided http://t.co/H2CgcYEs9C RT @GMBOffice: The #Change train comes to Jigawa and Kano today. Can you feel the momentum? #GMB15 #ThingsMustChange RT @GMBOffice: Hello, Nigeria. The #APCRally will hold in Kano and Jigawa States today. Watch live broadcast on @channelstv and http://t.co… RT @dawisu: Me &amp; my brother @ibmaleeq all set &amp; heading out to the mother of all rallies for @ThisIsBuhari #GMBinKANO🙌🙌🙌 http://t.co/n6YrQT… RT @EneEdah: Opinion: My brother, my sister, how can you vote for Jonathan? - YNaija http://t.co/oRyHdjPEbF The #IHaveDecided campaign is a deeply inspiring one. It is time for every one of us to decide. Follow @IHaveDecidedNG. #ThingsMustChange Join us as we continue the relentless pace of our rallies in Minna and Kaduna today. #Change is finally here, my friends. - GMB We insist on a campaign of hope, change and the future. This election is about big, important issues. We refuse to play it small. Therefore, I shall refuse to indulge the smear campaign. I refuse to allow them take away the focus from the issues that concern you. I am appealing to you: the damage to this country is great. The level of unemployment and insecurity is intolerable, worsened by corruption. Let us focus on those issues, please. Elections are not war. February 14 is not about politicians. It is about our country. Imagine the accelerated growth we can now achieve in a democracy –which the world has seen to be the most effective way of governing nations We are lucky to have in this election two people who have led this country. I am proud to present our record of solutions and effectiveness. We have presented our vision and plans – through our manifesto (available on http://t.co/mpQkYuVlSg) and our town hall meetings. We have only presented our record – how we fought insurgencies, how we stabilised the naira, how we tackled corruption. Can our president keep us safe when we travel to any part of this country? Is your life better today than it was six years ago? Do our children find it easy to get jobs? Do our sisters and brothers find it easy to set up and sustain their businesses? We are concerned only about his record – has he secured Nigeria? Has he fought corruption? Has he truly grown the economy so it can work? We have not spoken about the President's family, his health, his religion, his ethnic group, or his phone number. We do not have a disinformation or propaganda wing in our campaign. We have no need to waste time in driving petty attacks. Our President and his allies must remember that he is not only a candidate for office; he is the President of Nigeria. We should be deeply worried that a President who called for calm during governorship elections has now lost his cool in his own elections. Where is his fabled calm, where is his reserve, where is his composure? Why is he so ruffled? Why is he so frustrated and afraid? How can a President who has led this country for six years be unable to run on his own record and his achievements? How can his campaign be talking about dead ex-leaders, jogging around the stadium and outright lies about my health? How can the President of this country be talking about remembering phone numbers and coup speeches? All of us, citizens and voters need to ask ourselves – why is our President so desperate? What is this obsession with lies? What is this obsession with pettiness? What is this obsession with threats and attacks? The desperation is beyond my understanding. #ThingsMustChange This campaign should be about those issues. It should be about today and the future; about securing Nigerian lives and Nigerian land. The businesses of our enterprising youth are being killed by lack of access to finance and poor economic policies. Hundreds, perhaps thousands of Nigerians died in #Baga days ago. Our unemployment numbers are rising. It is a tragedy to see the ruling party focus on pettiness and lies; rumours of cancer, foreign treatment, and certificates they know exist. Why should candidates tell so many frantic lies in order to win elections, if truly their purpose is to ‘transform’ the lives of our people? I have run for office before, but I have consistently done so without desperation or anger, because elections are not war. I clearly underrated the panic and lack of integrity that leads people to tell barefaced lies, and must confess, it continues to confound me I have become seriously disturbed by the volume of falsehood and desperation from the opposition campaign of the PDP. Good morning, my friends. As we continue our relentless pace campaigning for #Change this week, let’s reflect on the past few weeks -GMB RT @GMBOffice: Hello, Nigeria. The #APCRally continues today as we touch down in Niger and Kaduna States. Follow @GMBVolunteers for updates… RT @GMBOffice: Please advise these people to leave distractions to focus on issues: Nigeria is broke, corruption's everywhere &amp; the country… RT @GMBOffice: I've contested 3 times under the requirements of INEC. People have mailed the US [War] College and received confirmation of … RT @GMBOffice: GMB after short banter with press today says, "I have contested three times under the requirements of INEC," 1/3 http://t.co… RT @ProfOsinbajo: http://t.co/aPo4E4xBwK RT @atiku: We must keep praying for our country, to rise above our challenges. By we owe ourselves the duty to vote the right leadership #G… RT @atiku: Great win for Arsenal. I'm also looking forward to a great win by APC on FeBuhari 14 #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: Energised and ready to hit the road! Change comes to Minna and Kaduna as @ThisIsBuhari &amp; @ProfOsinbajo visit both cities tom… RT @GMBOffice: "I am very fit, and will thrash you on the field!" GMB addresses press earlier this afternoon after lengthy meeting with pol… RT @ogundamisi: .@ThisIsBuhari street campaign by supporters in Ketu Lagos http://t.co/gc0ZJJmdi6 RT @DeleMomodu: Pls, disregard rumour from bad people that BUHARI has been flown abroad; insha Allah keep a date with him in Minna &amp; Kaduna… RT @DeleMomodu: I can confirm authoritatively that the People's General MUHAMMADU BUHARI is hale &amp; hearty &amp; has been holding meetings all d… RT @APCforChange: .@BisiOgunwale says #iWillVoteAPC 'cause I want my children to grow up in a country where they feel safe. Share yours htt… RT @ogundamisi: I just supported #NigeriaDecides: #iWillVoteAPC on @ThunderclapIt // @APCforChange http://t.co/xiNzVHhFHR RT @elrufai: Gbenga Sesan: An open letter to the Nigerian voter http://t.co/d8mfD0Ns64 RT @GMBVolunteers: Plateau State, are you ready?! #APCRally #GMB15 #CountdownToChange http://t.co/cjBtHA4aGA RT @GMBVolunteers: It is 28 Days to #CHANGE. Have you gotten your PVC? #CountdownToChange #GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: 28 days to Economic Liberation. #CountdownToChange #GMB15 http://t.co/f69z38f7Zd RT @GMBVolunteers: In style, GMB heads to Jos. #GMB15 #APCRally #CountdownToChange http://t.co/0S5dJNySPi RT @GMBOffice: Good morning, Nigeria. The #APCRally will touch down in Plateau and Nasarawa states today. Follow @GMBVolunteers for updates… RT @GMBVolunteers: Sai Buhari! Sai Buhari! Sai Buhari! #GMB15 #APCRally #CountdownToChange http://t.co/Bj06gSkwnn RT @GMBVolunteers: WATCH: As the people of Kogi welcome GMB: https://t.co/y3SJlEv8Tr 

#APCRally #GMB15 #CountdownToChange RT @EbonyLife_TV: EbonyLife TV recently had an EL Special with @ThisIsBuhari &amp; he spoke to us about his plans if elected. Watch this space. RT @ogundamisi: Video of Goodluck Jonathan and @ThisIsBuhari embracing for peaceful 2015 election. http://t.co/pfuPhzSEhz RT @makawizy: I never knew one person can change the atmosphere of a whole town. Anticipating the arrival of the great @ThisIsBuhari  in lo… RT @bukolasaraki: By popular demand. Picture of @ThisIsBuhari and @ProfOsinbajo arriving Benue State #APC http://t.co/OTPVOhI26I RT @GMBVolunteers: Some pictures From Makaurdi, Benue State. #APCRally #CountdownToChange #GMB15 http://t.co/CNBgL8YBaX RT @lolashoneyin: A few photos of the crows at the stadium. Very keen, very engaged crowd. http://t.co/PBS22xIULS RT @lolashoneyin: More images from @ThisisBuhari in Makurdi, Benue State. @ http://t.co/lCCruvH4cb RT @lolashoneyin: "Vote out PDP!" APC Chairman  tells Benue to Vote for Change. http://t.co/39os0bTv6f GMB shares a laugh with #TeamGMB this morning after reading the tweets about @Zahra3_!:) #ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/AYh4eRCUPF RT @lolashoneyin: Loving the chemistry between @ThisIsBuhari and @ProfOsinbajo. http://t.co/heNzb9IVHY RT @lolashoneyin: For @ThisIsBuhari, they got for the Tiv striped black and white. http://t.co/SvzRK8GCKq RT @GMBVolunteers: Full steam ahead to Benue! #CountdownToChange #GMB15 #APCRally http://t.co/jzasZSPgYG Achu'Benue a'wainya! Agba, Kogi! We bring our urgent message of #Change to you today! #APCRally #GMB15 #ThingsMustChange RT @GMBOffice: Hello, Nigeria. The #APCRally will hold in Kogi and Benue states today. Follow @GMBVolunteers for updates. #GMB15 RT @aligthebaptist: You laid your life for a truly just cause... Nigeria remembers you. #Nigeria http://t.co/FlZvk1bJVR RT @GMBOffice: Good Morning Nigeria. In honour of the Armed Forces Remembrance, the #APCRally will not hold today. #SupportOurTroops #GMB15 RT @woleolabanji: It's armed forces remembrance day. View/share in honour of fallen soldiers @DoubleEph @seunonigbinde @ForTheFutureNg http… May they never be forgotten. May the labour of heroes past never, ever be in vain. God bless their families, and God bless Nigeria. Today, we have nothing but gratitude for the sacrifice made by those who lay down their lives to keep our country safe. RT @GMBOffice: Hello Nigeria, the #APCRally will be at The State of Osun today. Watch live broadcast on @channelstv or follow @GMBVolunteer… @Jite_O Dear friend, our plans are clearly spelt out in the manifesto on http://t.co/AI7SabQI3s and our videos on YouTube. #GMB15 RT @teejay_1969: "@lolashoneyin: @ThisIsBuhari addresses OBJ and Ogun State APC. http://t.co/oEOU3JlVKl" RT @GMBVolunteers: @ThisIsBuhari's 5th child in Ogun to join the #APCRally #GMB15 http://t.co/vTigSHkNGW RT @lolashoneyin: Just look at these two. I go love o! @ProfOsinbajo http://t.co/ZAQ9jitpEh RT @GMBVolunteers: Mrs Oludolapo Osinbajo (L) with Mrs Aisha Buhari (R). #GMB15 #APCRally http://t.co/HQt7kuBmSi RT @DOlusegun: Less than two years ago, APC was just a dream. It became a promise. Then it became a reality; and, today, it is a miracle— G… RT @lolashoneyin: Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, Chief Bisi Akande. I remember Imo gov saying y'day, 'he solves every problem with a smile. http://t.… RT @naijama: So, I was there when #BBOG was leaving OBJ's hilltop home when @ThisIsBuhari @ProfOsinbajo @bukolasaraki arrived http://t.co/v… RT @GMBVolunteers: 3 Million refugees. In their own country. Is this transformation? #VoteForBuhari ad on ThisDay. #GMB15 #APCRally http://… RT @GMBVolunteers: Buhari's Manifesto is available and plain to read in English language on http://t.co/JWeJKiYCvK. A poster or billboard c… RT @lolashoneyin: Then a pretty historic photo. The APC team, @ThisIsBuhari @ProfOsinbajo with the Catholic Bishop of Owerri http://t.co/Ih… RT @GMBOffice: Mrs Aisha Buhari and Mrs Oludolapo Osinbajo are in Ogun State to join the #APCRally. #GMB15 http://t.co/RBjtWhGGv3 RT @cchukudebelu: Same issue with Chibok rears its head with Baga - Nigerian Government is always the last to talk about it - as internatio… RT @Chxta: This 150/2000 talk regarding #Baga is yet another display of lack of empathy and extreme callousness in official Nigerian circle… Good morning, Nigeria. #ThingsMustChange Let these thoughts guide us. Let these thoughts speak to us. Let them shape our opinions, our choices. We are better than this. Do you want a country where you cannot say for certain, if our enemies come at us, you have a government that can and will protect you? Beyond the politics, and the rhetoric, ask yourself this: Do you truly want a country where your life is not safe? #ThingsMustChange These Nigerians who have died because our government cannot protect them, they are not politicians. They deserve better. We deserve better. We must ask ourselves these questions - how did we become like this? How did we get to this point? What kind of country have we become? We cannot be the country that loses the essence of our humanity, the meaning of empathy. Nigerians are dying everyday due to incompetence. It is unacceptable to ignore or minimise the deaths of Nigerian citizens because of elections. It is heart-breaking. This must change. The responsibility of the Nigerian government is to protect and respect the lives of Nigerians, regardless of politics, or elections. Every Nigerian life is sacred. On #Baga, 150 or 2000, every Nigerian life matters. We cannot continue like this. #ThingsMustChange RT @ProfOsinbajo: It doesn't matter if one person was killed in Baga, or 1000. We should all pray for the repose of their souls. God keep u… RT @lolashoneyin: Rotimi Amaechi sings Igbo songs 2 the people of Owerri. Everywhere he goes, warm welcome. Makes you think of borders. htt… RT @lolashoneyin: Rochas Okorochhas gives @Thisisbuhari the broom to 'sweep out the corruption in Aso Rock. I love these red caps. http://t… RT @GMBOffice: Here's a view of our new Presidential Campaign Secretariat in Abuja. #GMB15 #CHANGE http://t.co/IPbsXTI7km RT @GMBOffice: We will be in Ogun state today for the #APCRally. Watch live broadcast on @Channelstv and follow @GMBVolunteers for more upd… RT @abikedabiri: Guess we now know who did not buy a single riffle...... http://t.co/ZldO8nZ2C6 http://t.co/uajasTF5Ed RT @bukolasaraki: With the man of the people. General Muhammed Buhari http://t.co/gDCrnOB02H RT @GMBVolunteers: @bukolasaraki is received warmly by the people of Imo state. He says "My people, my people", the people respond: "My Gov… RT @GMBVolunteers: Buhari's majestic entry into Imo state.

https://t.co/4FHAYXFE7C RT @GMBVolunteers: If we are elected, and in a few months, Boko Haram will be a thing of the past. - GMB #GMB15 #APCRally RT @GMBVolunteers: As usual, GMB makes sure to greet his assistants and supporters before he starts his speech. #GMB15 #APCRally It's a wrap. Daalu nu, ndi Imo! The energy today was incredible. The Igbo have spoken: Buhari for President! #GMB15 http://t.co/5zfl8J2Khm RT @je_mc2: "Let the President tell the Igbos what he has done for them" - Amaechi RT @GMBVolunteers: Make sure you get your PVC. Make sure you vote, Make sure you defend your vote. Make sure that your voice is heard. - GM… RT @GMBVolunteers: When the righteous are in power, the people rejoice. Is there rejoicing for you under this present government? - Osinbaj… RT @GMBVolunteers: When the righteous rule, the people rejoice. #BuhariOsinbajo #TeamRighteous #GMB15 #APCRally RT @GMBVolunteers: Buhari will islamize Nigeria? It is a fabricated fallacy that does not reflect any practical reality. - @GovernorRochas … RT @SantosTHEBOSS: "If you vote Buhari, he will jail you too" - GEJ

The corruption, unemployment, and insecurity have already jailed us. I… RT @GMBVolunteers: Those who will vote for Buharu, raise your hand! - Onu #APCRally #GMB15 http://t.co/2Av8aNhsDP RT @GMBVolunteers: Chief John Oyegun: 16 years of PDP, are you not tired of lies? Are you not tired of epileptic electricity? #APCRally #GM… RT @GMBVolunteers: In Imo state, I don't put Billboards here. What I have done is my Billboard! - @GovernorRochas #APCRally #GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: My People, My people, is there anything that I have promised you that I have not done?

The people scream: NOOOOOO!!! #G… RT @GMBVolunteers: In 2015, the new name is Industry Industry Industry!, Factory Factory Factory!, Job Job Job! @GovernorRochas #GMB15 #APC… RT @GMBVolunteers: we have listened to the President say different thing at different times. They promised you the Niger bridge, where is i… RT @GMBVolunteers: What has the President done for you? Nothing right? so why does he expect votes from you? - Amaechi #GMB15 #APCRally RT @GMBVolunteers: We thank you so much for turning out in large numbers. We also thank @GovernorRochas for all that he has done for Imo st… RT @GMBVolunteers: Do you have security? Who will bring you security?

The people scream: BUHARIIIII!!!! #GMB15 #APCRally RT @GMBVolunteers: John Oyegun invites @GovernorRochas to the podium, calls him the Senior Advocate for the masses. #GMB15 #APCRally RT @lolashoneyin: APC Women leader with other APC women, here to support @ThisIsBuhari and @ProfOsinbajo http://t.co/DkOjth6lMA RT @lolashoneyin: Always the gentleman, @ProfOsinbajo flashes me a warm smile and jokingly tells me to stop paparazzi-ing. http://t.co/Uu23… RT @lolashoneyin: Accompanied by Rotimi Amaechi, the ever-exuberant Chris Ngige welcomes them to Imo State. http://t.co/QnmTY1QXKB RT @bukolasaraki: With @ThisIsBuhari Owerri, Imo state. Presidential campaign. http://t.co/jJTO3xkjZt RT @GMBVolunteers: The incidence at #Baga has still not been addressed by this clueless government as it only regards the lives as just num… RT @GMBVolunteers: On our part, we have promised this Nation that we will protect it and make Sure that under the APC nobody goes to bed hu… RT @GMBVolunteers: You must be able to expose unruly behaviour on time so that you are not blamed to have taken part with it. - GMB RT @GMBVolunteers: I do not want my supporters to be violent so that we are not accused of working for the enemy. - GMB #GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: The conduct of our campaign and actions must be as exemplary as our presidential primaries have been conducted. - GMB. #… RT @GMBVolunteers: In any case, if the opponent wins I implore the whole party to lend their support to them. - GMB. #APCSecretariatInaugur… RT @GMBVolunteers: I do not want my supporters to insult or be unruly to any aspirant or party leader on my behalf - GMB #APCSecretariatIna… RT @GMBVolunteers: The present has failed to deal squarely to the great security challenge that has faced this nation in the last 5 years. … RT @GMBVolunteers: The present government has exhibit cluelessness and has failed to implement the fundamental needs of the Nation. - GMB RT @GMBVolunteers: You must not take laws into your hands in any case pre, during &amp; post election. Only make sure to stand to secure your v… RT @GMBVolunteers: GMB also appreciating Kayode Fayemi's efforts especially at the APC presidential primaries. #APCSecretariatInauguration … RT @GMBVolunteers: Muhammadu Buhari speaking. Orders everyone to stand and observe 1 minute silence for the victims of #BagaKillings. #GMB1… Please follow us live on @channelstv today as we inaugurate the Presidential Campaign Secretariat in Abuja. #Change #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: Today in Abuja, we inaugurate our Presidential Campaign Secretariat and Council in Abuja. #Change #Accelerated #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: Good Morning Nigeria, #APCRally will hold in Imo (Owerri) and Ondo (Akure) states today. View live broadcast on @Channelstv.… Happy Sunday to everyone. #Change is coming to Nigeria. - GMB RT @GMBOffice: There will be no #APCRally today. However, we will continue tomorrow, 12th January, 2015 from Abakaliki and then Akure, Ondo… After a week on the road, I return to the joy of my grandchild. I do this for them. Our children deserve more - GMB http://t.co/p6c9sDuZxY We can and we will bring #Change to Nigeria peacefully. I call on the PDP to join this call for peace. Every Nigerian life is sacred - GMB Like I said after the attack on our supporters in Rivers this week, elections are not war. Electoral violence is unacceptable - GMB I have received news of violence in Jos today. I condemn this violence in its entirety. I reject any supporter who resorts to violence - GMB RT @GMBOffice: 5/ We have a government in this country. It cannot continue to abandon its responsibility to ensure peace. It needs to do it… RT @GMBOffice: 4/ ...the full wrath of the law. #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: 3/ Find perpetrators of violence as soon as they act, irrespective of who they are or who they align with, arrest them and l… RT @GMBOffice: 2/ ...and do its job. #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: 1/ The trend of uncontrolled violence in the polity needs to end. From terrorists to wanton hooligans, this government needs… We insist on peace during these elections, and always. Politics is not war. Elections are not a battle. Violence is strongly condemned. RT @smifoyike: "@GMBVolunteers: Ekuweme praises Muhammadu Buhari for ending Maitatsine. #GMB15 http://t.co/DOlyShLCdA" RT @GMBVolunteers: The 2015 will be the biggest election ever in the history of our country. Just make sure you #VoteForBuhari #GMB15 #APCR… RT @GMBVolunteers: It is imperative that you all go to register and get your PVCs so that you can exercise your civil right and elect good … RT @GMBVolunteers: GMB has been tested. He was carefully chosen by the party as a man with character, discipline and strength. - Okorocha #… GMB and leadership of the APC observe a full minute silence for victims of the Baga Massacre. #WeAreAllBaga #APCRally http://t.co/u40wNHfNv2 RT @lolashoneyin: Just before the rally, @Thisisbuhari and @profyemiosinbajo meet the Anglican Bishop of Awka Diocese. http://t.co/4ElC77VC… RT @APCNigeria: Courtesy visit over, @thisisbuhari is keen to meet people of Awka at rally, express solidarity w/ the people of Baga. http:… RT @APCNigeria: @ProfOsinbajo arrives and greets @ThisIsBuhari warmly. Excellent to see the chemistry between them. http://t.co/WiPKWjejja RT @lolashoneyin: Courtesy visit over, @thisisbuhari is keen to meet people of Awka at rally, express solidarity w/ the people of Baga. htt… RT @lolashoneyin: That's Ogbonnaya Oni and @ProfOsinbajo Rotimi Amaechi, Rochas okorocha, Niyi Adebayo. http://t.co/gK5lkYcsKv RT @lolashoneyin: We all rise as the Obi of Awka arrives. Such an eloquent and classy king. You'd love him, Had everyone in stitches. http:… RT @APCNigeria: Finally, we arrive in Awka, Anambra State and @ThisisBuhari is received by Chris Ngige and the APC delegation. http://t.co/… RT @GMBOffice: All black today. We mourn the lives lost in the terrible, cowardly attacks on Nigerian citizens. #ThingsMustChange #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: We are on the move to Awka, Anambra State. #GMB15 #APCRally http://t.co/UlIPgH2iQL RT @GMBOffice: Today, we touch down in Enugu and Anambra. Please follow our message of urgent #Change live on Channels TV or via @GMBVolunt… RT @GMBOffice: It has been a quiet morning today at the campaign. #BagaOnOurMinds #ThisNeedsToEnd. #ThisIsBuhari. http://t.co/KulfBX4DEr Terrible news from Baga. My heart is broken as the details come in. My thoughts and wishes are with the families. This needs to end - GMB RT @GMBOffice: 3. The Nigerian life cannot continue to mean nothing. This must end. RT @GMBOffice: 2. Our hearts go out to the families who have lost people to this terrible, cowardly attack. RT @GMBOffice: 1. The news from Baga is both shocking and unacceptable. We are yet to fully comprehend this. This is not acceptable. This n… RT @ogundamisi: Follow @GMBOffice to get updates for @ThisIsBuhari campaign and right now live on @channelstv http://t.co/asDNALj6b7 RT @lolashoneyin: The people of Abakaliki wwaited hours to see and listen to @Thisisbuhari. Such a show of support. http://t.co/QQ8G3YnkIG RT @lolashoneyin: I doff my hat to the APC Supporters in Eboyin State. They are for real! http://t.co/iV0ivABYZr RT @lolashoneyin: @Thisisbuhari addressing the people of Abakaliki, Eboyin State. We took off at 7am and he's still going strong. http://t.… RT @ogundamisi: Even at night @ThisIsBuhari is canvasing for votes in Ebonyi South East Nigeria watch live on http://t.co/asDNALj6b7 RT @GMBOffice: They waited for hours. They kept their hopes high &amp; were excited to receive us. Ebonyi, Thanks for the love. #GMB15 http://t… RT @GMBOffice: We finally made it into Abakaliki, Ebonyi. #GMB15 #APCRally http://t.co/V6F9UwHw1s RT @GMBOffice: We are close to Abakaliki, Ebonyi. Excited supporters everywhere. #GMB15 #APCRally http://t.co/VYU3Y72gxh RT @GMBOffice: #BuhariOsinbajo 2015 #CampaignTimetable - Grand Finale in FCT-Abuja (Eagle Square) - 29th January #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: #BuhariOsinbajo 2015 #CampaignTimetable - Adamawa (Yola) and Taraba (Jalingo) - 28th January #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: #BuhariOsinbajo 2015 #CampaignTimetable - Bauchi and Gombe - 23rd January #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: #BuhariOsinbajo 2015 #CampaignTimetable - Sokoto and Kebbi - 22nd January #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: #BuhariOsinbajo 2015 #CampaignTimetable - Katsina and Zamfara (Gusau) - 21st January #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: #BuhariOsinbajo 2015 #CampaignTimetable - Kano and Jigawa (Dutse) - 20th January #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: #BuhariOsinbajo 2015 #CampaignTimetable - Nasarawa (Lafia) and Kaduna (Kaduna) - 19th January #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: #BuhariOsinbajo 2015 #CampaignTimetable - Plateau (Jos) and Niger (Minna) - 17th January #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: #BuhariOsinbajo 2015 #CampaignTimetable - Benue (Makurdi) and Kogi (Lokoja) - 16th January #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: #BuhariOsinbajo 2015 #CampaignTimetable - Oyo (Ibadan) and Kwara (Ilorin) - 15th January #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: #BuhariOsinbajo 2015 #CampaignTimetable - Lagos and Ogun (Abeokuta) - 12th January #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: #BuhariOsinbajo 2015 #CampaignTimetable - Ebonyi (Abakaliki) and Ondo (Akure) - 12th January #GMB15 RT @GMBOffice: #BuhariOsinbajo 2015 #CampaignTimetable - Enugu and Anambra (Awka &amp; Onitsha) 10th January #GMB15 RT @APCNigeria: I’ll support, produce many entrepreneurs, says Buhari http://t.co/2LntYWq7LY RT @beambini: "This government has shown absolute lack of will to curb corruption." @ProfOsinbajo @GbengaGOLD @ActNowng @siendoAmor RT @Omole_kolawole: Prof. Yemi Osinbajo speaking at the Lagoon restaurant, VI. Watch an icon speak! @GbengaGOLD @Ayourb @Dolzmoi @DOlusegun… RT @GMBOffice: Today, @ThisIsBuhari and the APC presidential campaign team will take the message of #CHANGE to Ebonyi and Abia States RT @GMBVolunteers: Here, @Thisisbuhari being conferred with the title Ogbuagu 1 (The Lion Killer)  of Aba by Enyi of Aba in Abia. #GMB15 ht… RT @GMBVolunteers: #ThingsThatVexMe #GMB15 http://t.co/9sPiy0hGgs RT @lolashoneyin: GMB pays a courtesy call to the HRMajesty Ezei A Ikonne, Enyi of Aba http://t.co/fsvqwF1YEL RT @lolashoneyin: #GMB15 @Thisisbuhari visits the Enyi of Aba- Live update http://t.co/Axbwzpf8hL RT @lolashoneyin: Ogbonnaya Onu, first governor of Abia State arrives. http://t.co/JXIEhyVqhV RT @lolashoneyin: Chris Ngige arrives at @Thisisbuhari visit to Enyi of Aba http://t.co/scDv9KDMKP Jookwa, Ebonyi! Ndeewo, ndi Abia! The next President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria brings #Change to you today. http://t.co/zNw25R9hyj RT @GMBOffice: PHOTO: @ThisIsBuhari addressing the crowd today at Bayelsa #GMB15 #ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/Ey6aeYtqQ1 RT @GMBOffice: The APC presidential campaign train at Ogoniland today #GMB15 #ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/sMz3xOUiYI RT @GMBOffice: As part of the build up to the elections, @ThisIsBuhari and the APC campaign train visited Ogoniland this morning #GMB15 #Th… For those who have asked 'How will #Change be achieved?' @ProfOsinbajo is live on @channelstv now breaking down manifesto and milestones. Watch the APC's Edo State Town Hall Meeting live now on @channelstv. The #Change campaign continues to focus on the issues. #GMB15 "When you look at the heights of Oshiomhole and Fashola - you know that the APC has the long and short of the matter!" - @ProfOsinbajo RT @ogundamisi: .@ThisIsBuhari made Bayelsa home today. The campaign moves to another Nigerian city. Thanks for following.  #GMB15 http://t… Anua, Bayelsa! Here is the next President of Nigeria coming to you with #Change and a focus on the issues. #APCRally http://t.co/dq7YKzPlJS RT @id49ja: Who would you trust: http://t.co/O8wGQFiyRL 
I TRUST #GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: Who would you trust with your life? We trust, @ThisIsBuhari #GMB15 #ThingsMustChange http://t.co/aeZlTlH47K RT @GbengaGOLD: Who would you trust? http://t.co/DAFTOXFiof cc @actnowng, @ayourb, @ogundamisi Thank you, Ogoni people for the warm welcome! https://t.co/LlLxnNdCvR Bayelsa, you're next. #APCRally #GMB15 #ThingsMustChange RT @ProfOsinbajo: "It is important to draw the line somewhere because this nation cannot continue with this level of corruption. It is just… RT @ProfOsinbajo: "What is required, first of all, is an administration where people believe that the number one man will not tolerate corr… RT @ogundamisi: Live Photo @ThisIsBuhari in Ogoniland Town Hall Meeting http://t.co/gkTmnrEjul RT @GMBVolunteers: GMB's #APCRally Itinerary today: Edo and Bayelsa states. #GMB15 Daalu nu, Owerri! Sung sung, Calabar! Thank you for welcoming #Change today. The movement continues tomorrow. #GMB15 http://t.co/O7nBMooa9G RT @GMBVolunteers: What Change means. #ThisIsBuhari #GMB15 http://t.co/GWeD7xnLz7 RT @GMBVolunteers: What Change means. #ThisIsBuhari #GMB15 http://t.co/O9HX9y1r8t RT @GMBOffice: 32/ ...disappointed Nigerian voters to continue to show patience with repeated failure as exemplified by the PDP-led governm… RT @GMBOffice: 31/ Describing the PDP tactics of personal attacks as desperate, the APC Campaign maintained that it is unrealistic to expec… RT @GMBOffice: 30/ ...of Buhari and demonization of the opposition party even after the charge to it by President Jonathan. RT @GMBOffice: 29/ Worse still, it noted that the handlers of the Jonathan Campaign started off on the wrong footing by resorting to abuse … RT @GMBOffice: 28/ According to the APC Campaign, the Jonathan Campaign should not talk about issues in which it has failed woefully. RT @GMBOffice: 27/ It said unfulfilled promises lead to disillusionment and loss of faith of the voters in a failed ruling party. RT @GMBOffice: 26/ ...focusing on trivial issues because the government has thoroughly run out of ideas to lead Nigeria to the promised des… RT @GMBOffice: 25/ The APC Campaign said it was not surprised that members of the Jonathan campaign have resorted to personal attacks on Bu… RT @GMBOffice: 24/ ...campaign, adding that on all the issues facing Nigerians, the PDP has failed the citizens. RT @GMBOffice: 23/ It wonders how a government that strikes deals with corrupt persons in return for political support should preach about … RT @GMBOffice: 22/ ...stealing as they choose to dub it, not only thrives, but is also celebrated and condoned. RT @GMBOffice: 21/ On corruption, the APC Campaign maintained that no development or progress can ever take place in any country where corr… RT @GMBOffice: 20/ ...issue-based campaign in areas of people’s lives in which he has failed woefully to deliver. RT @GMBOffice: 19/ It explained that with the prospects of gainful employment ever grimmer, the Jonathan government lacks the moral right t… RT @GMBOffice: 18/ According to the statement, one of the greatest issues facing the Nigerian voters is jobs and job security. RT @GMBOffice: 17/ ...of Nigerians in practice. RT @GMBOffice: 16/ The statement noted that “you can’t run an economy on unworkable economic thieves that haven’t impacted positively on th… RT @GMBOffice: 15/ ...rapidly worse. RT @GMBOffice: 14/ It said no government could boast of improving the economy when the quality of life for the majority of the citizens is … RT @GMBOffice: 13/ George Orwell’s “Animal Farm.” RT @GMBOffice: 12/ The APC Campaign said the purported improvements of the economy are merely on paper and only reminiscent of RT @GMBOffice: 11/ urity challenges have put the Jonathan administration out of its depth, and that the government has run out of ideas. RT @GMBOffice: 10/ The statement signed by Director, Media and Publicity of the campaign organisation, Mallam Garba Shehu explained that th… RT @GMBOffice: 9/ ...Muhammadu Buhari. The issues facing the Nigerian voters are essentially security, unemployment, the economy and corrup… RT @GMBOffice: 8/ ...rally, the PDP Presidential spokesman has nothing new to expose on “the credible and unimpeachable character of our ca… RT @GMBOffice: 7/ According to a statement by the APC Presidential Campaign from Calabar, Cross Rivers State, where the candidate held an i… RT @GMBOffice: 6/ ...the 2015 election campaign on issues. RT @GMBOffice: 5/ Reacting to the President Jonathan challenge, presidential candidate of APC, Muhammadu Buhari said it was more than pleas… RT @GMBOffice: 4/ ...campaign devoid of personal attacks on political opponents. RT @GMBOffice: 3/ At the inauguration of his presidential campaign, President Jonathan had advised his campaign handlers to focus on issue-… RT @GMBOffice: 2/ ...urging candidates to run an issue-based campaign rather than personal attacks. RT @GMBOffice: 1/ The All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign has said it welcomes the challenge by the PDP Presidential Campaign O… RT @GMBOffice: Follow for the latest information  from the official Muhammadu Buhari campaign @ThisIsBuhari RT @GMBOffice: We welcome an issue-based campaign &amp; look forward to engaging this administration on real issues: Read full release http://t… @A_Almuhamsay Thank you very much for your support. #Change is sweeping through Nigeria. #GMB15 #ThingsMustChange #ChangeIsComingToNigeria RT @GMBVolunteers: #APCRally Delta. @ThisIsBuhari, @ChibuikeAmaechi, John Oyegun and many others. #GMB15 http://t.co/ig6rrDHd0e RT @GMBVolunteers: Hundreds of thousands of people in suport of #GMB15. Delta, let's do this! #ChangeIsHere. #APCRally http://t.co/YNDzxtMF… RT @GMBVolunteers: My task is to present to you individuals that you can hold accountable. I present to you Gen Muhammadu Buhari - Oyegun #… RT @GMBVolunteers: We present to you an individual that will truly repesent the yearnings of the common man. - Adams Oshiomole #GMB15 #APCR… RT @GMBVolunteers: We have done good things, we will do more. - Adams Oshiomole. #GMB15 #APCRally RT @GMBVolunteers: We'll make sure to implement every point of our manifesto and also employ the competent hands to execute its demands - G… RT @GMBVolunteers: When I say Change, say CHANGE JONATHAN - @ChibuikeAmaechi #APCRally Delta #GMB15. RT @gbengasesan: By the end of #FeBuhari, the next Commander-in-Chief would have been pictured in all traditional attires across Nigeria. S… Warri, we hail o! The GMB #Change train just landed in Delta State. Follow live on Channels TV. #GMB15 #APCRally #ThingsMustChange RT @GMBVolunteers: GMB just touched down in Delta State. #GMB15 #APCRally http://t.co/DhkbvyyrN0 RT @GMBVolunteers: #GMBLetsTalk #Vote4Buhari #GMB2015 #ThingsMustChange http://t.co/ocIjufhvBm RT @GMBVolunteers: #GMBLetsTalk #Vote4Buhari #GMB2015 #ThingsMustChange http://t.co/x1spAQeKFM RT @GMBVolunteers: #GMBLetsTalk #Vote4Buhari #GMB2015 #ThingsMustChange http://t.co/qHJ1WRqt0H RT @GMBVolunteers: #GMBLetsTalk #Vote4Buhari #GMB2015 #ThingsMustChange http://t.co/PXLK9YBOxd RT @GMBVolunteers: #GMBLetsTalk #Vote4Buhari #GMB2015 #ThingsMustChange http://t.co/my5o916BLU RT @GMBVolunteers: Making our presence felt in Owerri. #GMB15 http://t.co/rsHNKpdWrp RT @GMBVolunteers: Making our presence felt in Port Harcourt. #GMB15 http://t.co/63qBDyynI4 RT @ProfOsinbajo: The Osun state "Walk For Change" team. We will #Change our future for the better if we all work together, Nigeria.
http:/… Today, #Change breezes through Calabar, Warri, Asaba and Osogbo. #LetsDoThis #ThingsMustChange #GMB15 RT @atiku: Nigeria is ready for change #GMB15 #APC http://t.co/wH5OIGpDtR RT @GMBVolunteers: #CampaignFlagOff #Uyo #MuhammaduBuhari2015 #ThingsMustChange #APCRally http://t.co/RHV69X0y51 RT @GMBVolunteers: Give it up for your #APC Vice Presidential candidate, @ProfOsinbajo #CampaignFlagOff #GMB2015 #ThingsMustChange http://t… Next stop today: Uyo. Akwa Ibom, isongo! #GMB15 #APCRally RT @GMBVolunteers: Muhammadu Buhari at the ongoing #APCRally in Rivers State #ThingsMustChange http://t.co/C3s7j7NZF4 RT @GMBVolunteers: When asked whether he has the energy to lead at 72, GMB says: "Yes I have, and you better be ready to keep up with me" #… RT @GMBVolunteers: The crowd are excited for change! Seen at the #APCRally in Rivers State #ThingsMustChange #GMB15 http://t.co/LyxBKMc7to Our Port Harcourt rally is live on NTA, AIT and Channels TV #APCRally #ThingsMustChange #GMB15 RT @GMBVolunteers: He is campaign ready! Niger Delta Swag! #CampaignFlagOff #Portharcourt #MuhammaduBuhari2015  #ThingsMustChange #APC http… Please see a 1-minute video of GMB delivering this morning's tweets here: http://t.co/8m72OccNOG #GMB15 I am Muhammadu Buhari, and I am running for President to change this country, for good. - GMB Thank you and God keep us all. Vote APC. Vote #Change. Let me make you this promise today: We will protect your children. We will protect your wealth. We will make this country work again. My only desire is to prove to you that Nigeria can truly work. Allow me prove to you that in your lifetime, you can be proud of this country The task ahead will be challenging and daunting, but it is surmountable. This is what leadership is about. #ThingsMustChange Government will conduct itself in a disciplined and responsible manner; we will identify problems and fix them. #ThingsMustChange Corruption will be a thing of the past and we will ensure that wealth goes around our citizens in an equitable manner. This is my promise: We will work hard and fast for you. Our children will go to school and they will return safe. This is why I am running for the office of the president of Nigeria. This is my promise. #ThingsMustChange And, no, it does not matter if you are Christian, Muslim, animist or atheist: we need a new direction under a new leadership. My dear friends, this is very important to note: It doesn’t matter if you are Igbo, Yoruba, Ijaw, Hausa, Idoma, Efik, Ekwere, Urhobo, Igala What is going on here? In this our country? In a country that belongs to all of us? #ThingsMustChange How can we allow the cowards of Boko Haram take over any part of this country - a sovereign state? #ThingsMustChange How can 12 young people die because they were looking for jobs in Abuja and justice is not met? Several corruption scandals unsolved. How can 219 girls be missing in our country, and our leader appears incapable of action? #ThingsMustChange So don’t let anyone blind you with fear so they can continue to plunder our resources, and keep you away from our common wealth. and face the full wrath of the law as punishment for their crimes against our country. #ThingsMustChange As your President, their punishment won't stop there, we will also ensure Boko Haram and other such elements, are found, are arrested I have and will continue to condemn those who burn God's places of worship, be they churches or mosques and wish God's judgment upon them. Even as Head of State, we never imposed Sha’riah. All my running mates have been either Igbo or Yoruba and always Christian. Because they cannot attack our record, they accuse us falsely of calling for election violence - when we have only insisted on peace. Because they can't attack our record, they accuse me falsely of ethnic jingoism; they accuse me falsely of religious fundamentalism. The world admired us. We were proud to be Nigerians. #ThingsMustChange We rebuilt industries, Nigerians queued up and treated each other with respect; Nigerians took pride in our reputation for discipline. We shouldn't forget so soon that there was Maitatsine ravaging the north east and we dealt with it. We also overran the Chadian rebels. In our government, we fought corruption, we stabilised the naira, and we shut down insurgencies. #ThingsMustChange I have led this country and I have a record. We were not perfect, but we were effective; we solved problems, and we made Nigerians proud. People accuse me of many things. But one thing they never accuse me of is corruption. They never accuse me of mediocrity, or of lying. Are our parents safe when we leave them at home? Is the naira in your bank account of greater value today than it was four years ago? Can you honestly, truly say to yourself that our country has changed for the better? Are our children safe when they go to school? Many people ask me: why am I running for office again? And I ask them – "What has changed since I began this mission?" "and nothing will change." But is that really true? It is not. And so you forgive politicians for stealing and for mediocrity – because you say to yourselves, "they are all thieves, they are all selfish" Many of you believe something is wrong with Nigeria. Some of you have given up. You think this country can not be good; cannot get better. Good morning, my friends. Before we kick off our rallies in Port Harcourt this morning, let us talk, Nigerian to Nigerian - GMB RT @GMBVolunteers: Port Harcourt, are you ready?! Today, over 200,000 of us will gather for @ThIsIsBuhari to flag off a new era for #Nigeri… @jassie_d1 Hello Jassie. The manifesto is on the website http://t.co/q77AkU7lIX #GMB15 To the question 'how', see our clear plans on http://t.co/AI7SabQI3s. We also share my vision/plans directly in videos on our Youtube page. Today, with Governor Fashola and Pastor E.A. Adeboye at the Lagos State Annual Thanksgiving Service. #GMB15 http://t.co/n6eL7CQuri "The job of government is security and peace not religion." I shared a few words at the Lagos Annual Thanksgiving Service: 
"All Nigerians must be free to worship God regardless of their beliefs" -GMB @ProfOsinbajo and I in Lagos today. Nigerians are ready to see a country they can be proud of. #ThingsMustChange http://t.co/maLAdnn43N The excitement was palpable as we met Nigerians today. This chef told me, "Sir, you have to win". #ThingsMustChange http://t.co/r9zx49HcsZ RT @Decide2015: Prof. Yemi Osinbajo Live on Channels Tv. Time: 8-9pm 4:01:15 (tonight) Tell someone! @ThisIsBuhari. Four years after my last, I sat for a conversation with my friend @MoAbudu today in Lagos. #ChangeIsFinallyHere - GMB http://t.co/CIypPE2HL1 @ProfOsinbajo and I today. We are #SET to amplify our message across Nigeria starting tomorrow #ThingsMustChange http://t.co/uncwXxM9M6 @ibmaleeq I have read that article very keenly and absorbed its crucial
message. I thank the writer and all those who wish us well. - GMB @sunnydiallo Thank you Salihu. I am very honoured by your support. Don't forget to share with them the urgency of change. #ThingsMustChange @CandyPay Thank you, my dear friend. I appreciate your support. Do spread the message and vision. The manifesto is on http://t.co/AI7SabQI3s @Sahfeeyah_GCFR My dear Shaykha, such lovely children. Help me thank them for believing in their country from now. I do this for them - GMB RT @Sahfeeyah_GCFR: @ThisIsBuhari: My darlings also crave change. With little Angels onboard, the battle of HOPE will surely be won sir! ht… RT @killymann: Is a sign of change and freedom"@ThisIsBuhari: Why do kids like to put two fingers in the air? #ThingsMustChange:) http://t.… Share with them our manifesto here: http://t.co/q77AkU7lIX. We shall shortly also upload the road-map. #ThingsMustChange #GMB15 RT @Ajia25: "Change is imminent"
@ThisIsBuhari: Why do kids like to put two fingers in the air? #ThingsMustChange:) http://t.co/QYMjLZGA5B" A country defined by corruption, by mediocrity, by waste and by insecurity cannot deliver the future that we desperately need. #Change Remind everyone you meet and know that we cannot settle for a Nigeria of the barest minimum, when we can build a truly great country. Don't forget, we cannot afford to be distracted. The urgent issues are: Security, the Economy (Jobs, Power), Tackling corruption #SET - GMB I thank everyone who has spent the past few weeks with us pushing our message and driving our vision. #ThingsMustChange - GMB Why do kids like to put two fingers in the air? #ThingsMustChange:) http://t.co/772Vz2Cs8t It was a blessing to spend time with my grandchildren yesterday at home. How were your holidays? http://t.co/VoqZEBKmNs RT @gbengasesan: Did Buhari say Muslims should only vote for Muslim leaders? http://t.co/vA3BAUjsFs RT @gbengasesan: Did Buhari promise to make Nigeria ungovernable? http://t.co/MwKxE8YEJS The site is now live. You can go to FactChecki.ng now. Happy New Year to you and yours. #GMB15 #ThingsMustChange. A country defined by corruption, by mediocrity, by waste and by insecurity cannot deliver the future that we desperately need. Remind your friends and family that we cannot settle for a Nigeria of the barest minimum, when we have what we need to truly be great. Share our message on reviving the economy, spreading wealth, solving power, creating jobs and tackling corruption. #GMB15 However, as we combat the distractions, remember that our focus must remain on our vision, our plans and our solutions for #Nigeria. Very well done to the volunteer team that delivered this. If you see any issues you want addressed, please email lies@factchecki.ng. The 'Get the Facts' link on http://t.co/AI7SabQI3s also takes you directly to this platform. #GetTheFacts #ThingsMustChange #GMB15 As the campaign for #Change is ramped up, this site will address and dismiss the many untruths about our vision and our campaign. As we welcome the New Year, we are also announcing the launch of the very important site, FactChecki.ng. #ThingsMustChange #GMB15 Happy New Year, everyone. Happy New Year, Nigeria. Hello, 2015. http://t.co/VqNx1CFwTz Thank you and God bless Nigeria. #ThingsMustChange - GMB. Once again, I wish everyone - those who believe in our mission and those who don't yet agree with us - a happy and prosperous New Year. This is the promise that 2015 holds. That is the promise that change will bring. That is the promise that I bring to you. Together, we can build a nation that is secure, prosperous and gives everyone a fair chance. and your energy and your passion to see change. You must never give up on Nigeria. No. If you give up, then all hope is truly lost. You should also never give in to the temptation to feel so weighed down by those who have failed you that you lose your hope and your Elections are not war. Politics is not a battle. We can, and we will, bring this #Change to Nigeria peacefully and by focusing on solutions. Yes, you are disappointed and you are angry, as you are entitled to be. But you must not be so angry that you become violent. Oh, my dear friends, this New Year, more than ever before, I am hopeful about Nigeria. This hope inspires and excites me. Are these things truly possible? Of course. That is the essence and outcome of leadership. #ThingsMustChange To the question 'how', see our clear plans on http://t.co/AI7SabQI3s. I also share my vision/plans directly in videos on our Youtube page. so that you can create value, build the economy and aggressively expand wealth. 5. A Nigeria where entrepreneurship thrives, enterprise flourishes and the government supports you and then gets out of your way 4. A country that provides jobs, reducing unemployment to the lowest of single digits and providing safety nets so no one is left behind. respect for the environment as my friend @estherclimate has asked me; education that is outcome-oriented in a knowledge-economy. 3. A Nigeria where citizens get the basics any country should provide: infrastructure that works, quality healthcare that is accessible, 2. A Nigeria in which neither yourselves, nor your parents, families or friends will have to fear for your safety, or for theirs. and lead with vision and clarity; where the stories that emerge to the world from us are full of hope and progress. Change means: 1. A country you can be proud of at anytime and anywhere: where corruption is tackled, where your leaders are disciplined Now some of you have asked me: what exactly does ‘change’ mean? On this special day, let me remind you in five short statements. I have unshakeable faith that 2015 will be the year of change. #ThingsMustChange. A story of genuine investment in our children and students, be they in the University of Nigeria, Nsukka or Delta State University, Abraka. A story of our youth creating jobs and expanding the frontiers of innovation and creativity everywhere from @MAVINRECORDS to @Cc_HUB. I have faith that 2015 is the year we shall begin to write a new story. #ThingsMustChange The beauty of the New Year is that we can look forward with renewed hope and the knowledge that things can and will change. 2014 was a challenging one for most citizens of our dear country. Yes, it is enough for you to despair. But, please, do not. I am sharing a New Year's Day message to Nigerians in general, but I find it crucial to send another message directly to Nigeria’s youth. Good afternoon, my friends. I will be sharing highlights from my message to the Nigerian youth today, as we welcome 2015 – GMB Good afternoon, my friends. This is my message to you in today’s papers #ThisIsBuhari #ThingsMustChange - GMB http://t.co/eyQd7pAKIa Good evening, my friends. Many of you have asked what our exact plans are for the country. A reminder here: http://t.co/SlIboXgTOJ - GMB People ask what drives GMB. This is his answer #ThingsMustChange http://t.co/rQML2SowuG #GMBVolunteersMeet: This is what GMB said about his family http://t.co/yESi55nY8m #GMBVolunteersMeet: This is what GMB said about voting and protecting your vote  http://t.co/g5Fa0ovxgS #GMBVolunteersMeet: This is what GMB said about politics focused on the issues http://t.co/uQ6RCr0ir0 #GMBVolunteersMeet: This is what GMB said about national impact with PTF http://t.co/dVLrpJ69bc @KemiYunus1 Thank you, my dear Kemi. The correct information to support our campaign is on http://t.co/AI7SabQI3s. #ThingsMustChange RT @ProfOsinbajo: Our start-off point will be communicated soon. Thank you so much for believing in us.
#Change
RT @vionext: @ProfOsinbajo … RT @ProfOsinbajo: I'm hoping to meet as many young Nigerians; women and men, on this journey. God bless you and God bless Nigeria.
#Change RT @ProfOsinbajo: Many of you have asked how you can be volunteers in this revolution. Thank you. Visit the website here: https://t.co/bgdD… RT @ProfOsinbajo: The communal spirit used to be so strong, but we all seem to be losing it. It's time to get it back. We will try to visit… RT @ProfOsinbajo: Good morning, Nigeria. We will be doing a "Walk The Ward" today, to meet and talk to Nigerians, about our vision.
#Change 5. Why do I remain in politics? This is what I said #ThingsMustChange #APC - GMB http://t.co/rQML2SowuG RT @bbnhuzaifa: @ThisIsBuhari mine is with me i mean my PVC here it's http://t.co/74Ic9wShl8 @arduku Certainly, my dear friend. The urgent issues are: Security, Economy (with a focus on jobs and power) and Tackling corruption. #SET 4. My friends, let us call this ‘Buhari’s 2 Ps’: For #Change in the 2015 elections, we need Peace &amp; your PVCs - GMB http://t.co/yTUkcRSZFW RT @atiku: Young Nigerians must insist that leaders running for office say how they will create jobs. Focus on issues, not religion or tribe 3. This is what I said about the economy, including stabilising the naira (this is very important to me) – GMB http://t.co/I6KGGYrvN6 2. This is what I said about the alleged N2.8 billion missing NNPC funds – with some interesting anecdotes :) – GMB http://t.co/B4mIIW7H7a 1. This is what I said about education (and, for good measure, on government funding for Hajj trips) – GMB http://t.co/XObaM3lJzO at the #GMBVolunteers meet in Lagos this week.  I look forward to hearing your thoughts. #ThingsMustChange – GMB Good morning, my friends. For the next 3 days, I will share videos on where I stand on various issues important for our nation as discussed RT @ProfOsinbajo: The most important issues are : jobs, power, security and the economy. Did you see the next Vice-President @ProfOsinbajo take our campaign to the streets on BRT buses? That's the new Nigeria! #ThingsMustChange "This is our best chance yet" Watch @ProfOsinbajo take our message to the streets in this video recorded by a citizen http://t.co/m3fkUtFeDE RT @GMBVolunteers: Speaking on @BBCAfrica just a day after elections, @ThisIsBuhari made it clear that violence is "a criminal act" that "c… RT @GMBVolunteers: Here is a link to the interview as a reminder: http://t.co/MpaK0s7i02 #BuhariInsistsOnPeace #ChristmasRemindsUsAboutPeac… RT @GMBVolunteers: Today, as the world celebrates joy and peace, we are reminding of how @ThisIsBuhari condemned violence and the burning o… Merry Christmas! https://t.co/LHNWcqhzIc - GMB I wish to all the families of Nigeria this holiday season a time of peace &amp; hope, &amp; for the New Year, a year of safety, promise, &amp; change. Today is a time to remember that we are brothers &amp; sisters, &amp; we are stronger when we are together, when we reach out &amp; care for each other RT @buhariosinbajo: 5. #MeetOsinbajo The govt model for power won't gain fruits in 10-15 years, our approach will be to decentralize power … RT @buhariosinbajo: 2. @ThisIsBuhari during his time as Head of State had more Christians in his cabinet than he had Muslims #GMBPYO2015 #M… RT @aminugamawa: "The problem we have in Nigeria is there is no consequence for corruption."~@ProfOsinbajo 

#MeetOsinbajo RT @Ayourb: On working with youths, "the person who manages my twitter is barely 18, working with youths, for me, is no brainer" ~Osinbajo
… RT @APCNigeria: We'll appreciate new songs, picture designs &amp; other campaign materials from volunteers for GMB/Osinbajo &amp; APC. We are all #… RT @GbengaGOLD: @ProfOsinbajo is here #MeetOsinbajo http://t.co/qFQCDtaCxq Our Vice-Presidential candidate @ProfOsinbajo is sharing our vision at the moment. Watch live on http://t.co/vXx0AYLQAW #MeetOsinbajo RT @toluogunlesi: Last night GMB said collapse of Soviet Union, "without a shot being fired", convinced him "multi-party democracy is the b… RT @GMBVolunteers: "We built 12 Southern roads" - @ThisIsBuhari #GMBVolunteers #ThisIsBuhari #ThingsMustChange RT @GMBVolunteers: "The first 2 billion of PTF of was spent in Lagos" - @ThisIsBuhari #GMBVolunteers #ThisIsBuhari #ThingsMustChange RT @GMBVolunteers: "Get the PVC. Make sure you vote" - @ThisIsBuhari #GMBVolunteers #ThisIsBuhari #ThingsMustChange RT @APCNigeria: @ProfOsinbajo on why we must Take Action for CHANGE - NOW! http://t.co/fKDi4F3YOM RT @tundefashola: @ThisIsBuhari The leader for this moment Thank you @tundefashola. You inspire leaders across the world. I am honoured to have your enthusiastic support #ThingsMustChange - GMB RT @bukolasaraki: Meet @ThisIsBuhari the man for the job. Please do not disappoint us. If you do, we'll vote you out in 4 years". I hear you clearly. I will not. #ThingsMustChange - GMB Good morning. I got this message from the fine young man @gbengasesan at yesterday's event: "We will marshall our resources for you. ...insist that #ThingsMustChange. Thank you to #GMBVolunteers - GMB 2/2 http://t.co/eJft5AjzvU I was inspired to listen to and speak with so many passionate young people this evening who 1/2 - GMB http://t.co/kfMzXkkXZI Ah. Here goes my first selfie! #ThisIsBuhari #GMBVolunteers #ThingsMustChange - GMB http://t.co/f2g9xXquaN RT @GMBVolunteers: It's a wrap at the Volunteers meet with @ThisIsBuhari #GMBVolunteers #ThisIsBuhari #ThingsMustChange RT @seyitaylor: Feedback I'm getting from the @ThisIsBuhari session is interesting. The man has apparently won himself some fans. RT @gbengasesan: You can sense the frustration in his voice as @ThisIsBuhari explains, yet again, why he is not a religious bigot. Must be … RT @gbengasesan: #GMB15 "@ThisIsBuhari: I am in Lagos at the moment to meet a group of passionate young volunteers and get their input - GM… RT @GMBVolunteers: .@AO1379 expressing his support for @ThisIsBuhari at the event #ThisIsBuhari #GMBVolunteers http://t.co/vW9NlXWToG RT @GMBVolunteers: .@toluogunlesi shakes @ThisIsBuhari as @ChibuikeAmaechi steps down #ThisIsBuhari #GMBVolunteers #ThingsMustChange http:/… RT @GMBVolunteers: .@gbengasesan expressing his support for @ThisIsBuhari #GMBVolunteers #ThisIsBuhari #ThingsMustChange http://t.co/ttPyTt… RT @GMBVolunteers: A young volunteer, Jasper telling the participants why he supports @ThisIsBuhari #GMBVolunteers #ThisIsBuhari http://t.c… RT @GMBVolunteers: SPOTTED: @elrufai and @ChibuikeAmaechi at the event #ThisIsBuhari #GMBVolunteers http://t.co/NPrxIIOml2 RT @GMBVolunteers: Cross section of the participants at @ThisIsBuhari's meet with young volunteers http://t.co/gyphgnRABM RT @GMBVolunteers: .@ThisIsBuhari arrives to meet the young volunteers #ThisIsBuhari #GMBVolunteers http://t.co/OvpZwcIMZD RT @GMBVolunteers: Young volunteers at the entrance of the venue of the event #ThisIsBuhari #GMBVolunteers http://t.co/Ffn0Jn7tb3 RT @GMBVolunteers: SPOTTED: @id49ja at the volunteers meet with @ThisIsBuhari #GMBVolunteers #ThisIsBuhari http://t.co/2enxLd0lic RT @AO1379: I couldn't miss out on an evening with @ThisIsBuhari and his all star cast. http://t.co/bFISnPtJfT I am in Lagos at the moment to meet a group of passionate young volunteers and get their input - GMB RT @raufaregbesola: As we welcome @ThisIsBuhari to Twitter. Let us continue to organise ourselves for the CHANGE we seek. #APC http://t.co/… RT @APCNigeria: A must watch video: New Nigeria: Road Map to the Future: http://t.co/9q2fIkY4tz RT, Fav, and share @thisisbuhari @ogundamis… We must win this fight against terror. We can win this fight against terror. This has to end. Our hearts go out to all who lost loved ones in the terrible Gombe &amp; Bauchi blasts, and to all Nigerians bound as one in these trying times RT @APCNigeria: Official handles are @ThisIsBuhari @ProfOsinbajo @APCNigeria -Kindly follow, share and RT. 
@SaharaReporters @omojuwa @ogun… My message in the papers this morning: the fate of our country is not for sale. - GMB http://t.co/32UgU59pnp Thank you @atiku, your service to our great party continues to inspire. #APC #ThingsMustChange Thank you @muktadagm &amp; thank you all for your enthusiastic response. This is a start of a conversation to #change our country. - GMB I and my office will speak to you from here. Personal tweets will be signed GMB I thank everyone who has helped amplify our message and campaign through various handles. - GMB Good afternoon my friends! This will now be my official Twitter handle to communicate with you. - GMB 